A Netflix movie might be too long. How about we just make out through this entire season of Sitcom.
Are you Netflix, because I could watch you for hours.
Babe are you on Netflix? Because I keep on getting you as my suggestions.
Babe dating is like Netflix. There's more to enjoy if you can try out new guys.
Babe, let's how much you could orgasm in a Netflix session.
Babe, these Netflix shows are not the only thing I am binging on tonight.
Babe, once we start having a good time, we won't answer to Netflix 'Are You Still Watching'.
Do you know what is better than Netflix? Having sex while watching Netflix.
Girl I am better than Netflix. I could pleasure you for hours on demand.
Girl, how about you enjoy some Netflix and let me do all the hard work.
Girl, time to Skip Intro and go straight to reality show business.
Girl, your body is making this playlist of mine trending hard now.
I don't want no Netflix, I just want you as my sweet fix.
I got money, you got the body. How about we make some homemade Netflix Originals.
I prefer my next upcoming Netflix release, inside you.
I would ask for Netflix and Chill, but you look like you are into more interactive stories.
Instead of waiting for shows coming this week or next week, how about let's come together now.
Let's skip the Netflix on the sofa and go straight to chill in my bed.
Let's take our relationship to the next level. Here is my Netflix account.
Netflix and Chill?
Netflix suggestion for you. Because you have watched with clothes on, you might also enjoy watching with clothes off.
Want to party? Here's a Netflix account and let's throw a Netflix Party.
You are my one and only Netflix special, you are the only documentary that I want to experience.
You are watching Netflix at home, I am watching Netflix at home. How about we watch it together sometimes in bed?
You know what's better than Netflix? My dicks.
All my life has been a series of doors in my face, and then suddenly I bumped into you.
All this ice but you still melted my heart.
Are you a bit of fixer upper? Nothing a bit of sweet loving won't fix.
Babe, you are worth melting for.
Do you want to build a snow man?
Girl, you smell better than reindeer.
I like warm hugs. Do you like them too?
I want to let it go inside you.
It may sound crazy, but we’ll need a few days to plan the ceremony.
Let it go, let it go, let your clothes go.
Let the storm rage on.
Love is an open door!
Some people are worth melting for.
The cold never bothered me anyway.
The only frozen heard around here is yours, and I will thaw it.
The wind is howling like this swirling storm inside.
Want to ride our bikes around the halls?
You have melted my frozen heart.
You really don't know anything about love do you? Want to make some?
You want to talk about a problem? I sell ice for a living. Would you be my Elsa and help me?
And do the next right thing babe, go out with me.
Are you the one I've been looking for?
Babe, let me take you into the unknown.
Can you feel me? Can you show me? Ah-ah, oh-oh
Don't be afraid of what you are risking babe, just follow me.
Every day's a little harder as I feel my dick grow.
Everything I've ever loved is here within these walls.
Girl, absolutely everything makes sense with you.
Girl, don't you know there's part of me that longs to go deep inside.
Girl, you have gotten me lost in my morning wood.
I'm Coming, and it feels like I am home.
It feels like our future is calling.
I've had my adventure, I don't need something new. I just want you now.
Show yourself. I'm ready to learn!
Some things never change, like how I'm loving you.
When all is lost, then all is found, when I first saw you.
“BOOO! NOT COOL!
Are we in Froopyland? We gotta f*ck and eat our babies.
Are you pirates of the pancreas? Cuz we gonna be having a shit load of legal issues after one ride.
Are you ready to get sexually assimilated?
Are you the Rick and Morty fan? Because I want to leave you on edge for a long ass time.
Are you the Rick to my Morty? Because you look like you've got your priorities in order.
Babe, my portal gun is going to take you places.
Babe, you are my one and only Morty.
Do you want to have sex with me. It’s ok, I can just hop dimensions until I find one where you say yes. And we can have sex then.”
Do you watch Rick and Morty?
Forget about the Vindicators, let's see what this PussyBreaker can do.
Get Schwifty with me this Valentine´s Day.
Girl are you meeseeks? I want you to complete one simple task and disappear.
Girl you are special, out of infinite dimension you are the only one saying no.
Girl, I ain't leaving until I get a selfie.
Girl, let's get on some wild adventures!
Girl, you don't need no vibrator when you got this Pickled Dick.
Hey baby, I am just a lonely Rick looking for his Morty. Will you help me find him?
Hey baby, let´s get naked, cuddle, eat food, and just lay in bed and watch Rick & Morty all day long.
Hey girl, are you a MeeSeeks? Because I want you to complete one simple task and then disappear.
Hey girl, did you know that Rick & Morty is the best Halloween costume? Because even if there are 30 other Rick & Mortys at the party, it makes the perfect sense.
Hey girl, do you want to squanch?
Hey, take your pants off, it’s schwifty time today!
Hi I´m Mr. Meeseeks! Look at meee!
I have a different kinda mega seed I’m gonna shove up your butthole 2nite.
I have to fulfill my purpose so I can go away!
I need you more than Rick needs Morty.
I need you more than Rick needs Szechwan sauce.
I’ve been watching you drink , I get the feeling you’ve got a hard job. I wonder what it takes to please you; that´s the job I want. Part time. Full time. I wanna be good at it, bad at it. I wanna get promoted, fired. Corner office, hostile takeover, workplace accident. I´m on my knees,. Praying, worshipping, begging. Whatever you want. What do you think about that?”
If I were a Meeseeks I´d stay at your side for at least three days.
In an infinite number of universes, I´d pick you in all of them.
Let´s go back to my place and re-watch all seasons of Rick & Morty.
Let’s get riggity riggity wrecked girl!
No matter where you are in the universe, I'll always teleport to you.
Ooooh yeah! Can do!
Remember me? No? I must have used mind blowers on you. Here let me refresh your memory.
Rick potion babe?
Shit on the floor!
Show me what you got under that shirt.
Show me what you got!
Squanch?
Swiggity swooty can I cum on your booty?
Wanna get schwifty together?
We gotta get naked so the Somalian space pirates can´t see us.
What's your nipple race? Show me what you got under that shirt.
Would you have a better relationship with me than Jerry and Beth?
You’re a fine piece of ass and I can prove it mathematically.
Accident or not, admit it, it was a little awesome.
Are you eleven? Because I can make you scream.
Are you Eleven? Cause we got something going on.
Are you from the upside down? Because you are demogorgeous.
Are you gonna be a mouthbreather or are you actually going to blow?
Are you wearing a space suit because you are out of this world.
Are you Will from the upside down? Because you light up my life.
Are you Will? Because I'd flip you upside down.
Babe, let's not limit our Stranger Things to Netflix.
Can I have the hopper-tunity to ask you out?
Can’t have more than one best friend. But you could sure have lots of sleep buddies.
Do you know anything about sensory deprivation tanks? We can get some fun with it.
Do you like pearls? You will never be able to resist these pearls.
Do you wanna be normal? Do you wanna be just like everyone else? Instead let's be freaks is the best. Time to get freaky!
Do you want eggos or coffee in the morning?
Girl do you prefer upside down, or maybe even Stranger things?
Girl you don't need anything. You are pretty, really pretty.
Girl, I would ask for Netflix and chill, but you seem into Stranger Things.
Hey girl are you a government experiment? Because you could definitely use my 11.
Hey girl, don't be a Stranger Things, let's get to know each other.
Hey girl, if you go out with me I’ll show you the strangest thing you’ll ever see
I am gonna slay 'em dead. Like a pussy.
I am not stalking you, I just aspire to be like Jonathan Byers.
I don’t care if anyone believes me. I am not gonna stop looking for you until I find you and bring you home! I am going to you home!
I found the chocolate pudding! And I want more of where that stuff came from.
I like it cold, let's get naked.
I like you more than the amount of salt it took to make Eleven's sensory deprivation pool.
I Noah a girl who wants to date you.
I once cut my chin open on a desk by doing a cartwheel while dancing.
I ship us more than Finn ships Mileven.
If we were walkie talkies, you'd be in my range.
If we’re both going crazy, then we’ll go crazy together, right?
If you are the Demogorgon, call me blood.
I'll be the eggo to your Eleven.
Is your name 11? Cause I'll make you enjoy some Stranger Things experience.
Is your name Nancy? Because I’m going to take creepy pictures of you from a distance while you’re in your room.
Let's get coffee and contemplate our future relationship.
Let's make it a one time…two time thing.
Let's study.
Maybe they should call you Mirkwood, because I wanna ride you at night.
Mornings are for coffee and contemplation.
My love for you is bigger than Barb's glasses.
No pick up lines can make you Dustin' me away.
Noah? More like Woah.
Oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god.
On a scale of 1-10, you are an 11.
Out of two you are an 11, matching with me seems upside down. But I have seen much stranger things.
So I heard you like toothless frog-faces at midnight?
So, I am really good at the pull-out?
The space in my heart for you is bigger than the space in Dustin's teeth.
There’s more to life than stupid boys, you know. You are ready for a man in you.
We are totally not a thing, like, catch on.
We will date.
We're Not in Hawkins Anymore, ready for some Fawking?
When I see you I think 'what? No! ew, gross!.'
Why are you keeping this curiosity door locked? Let me help you open it up.
Why do we even need weapons anyway. You have me.
Wow. She looks…—Pretty… Good. You look pretty good.
You act like you’re all alone out there in the world, but you’re not. You’re not alone.
You are finger-lickin’ good.
You don't need a will to love me.
You must love Stranger Things because Luc-at that -ass
You’re going to take out a Demogorgon with a slingshot? No I am going to do with the rocket in my pants.
Your virginity will disappear faster than Eleven did.
You're one in a mill-ie-on.
You're the table to my Dustin's fists.
Are you a dragon? Because you sure make my balls glow.
Are you a member of the ginyu force? Because I can see you in a lot of exotic positions.
Are you ready to feel the power of my Big Bang Attack?
Babe, I'll give you my big bang attack and we can create something universal.
Baby why don't you use your hands to fire my laser beams?
Bang me or I'll Kamehameha you.
Big Bang me, lover!
Can I see if ALL of you turns Super Saiyan?
Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell from Snakeway.
Did Majin Buu do something to you girl? Because you're as sweet as candy.
Do you like dragon ball z? Because I'm drag deez ballz.
Girl is that potara earrings you're wearing? Because I wanna merge bodies with you.
Girl you're so hot, you can pass off as my ki level.
Girl, did you just use a Solar Flare? Because you just brightened up my day OR because I'm blinded with beauty.
Girl, is your name Chiaotzu? Because you're a doll face.
Girl, my bedroom is like the Hyperbolic Time Chamber. If we go in together I'll give you a year's worth of pleasure in just one night.
Girl, you're the hottest thing I've ever seen, and I'm not just saying it. 'm Super Saiyan it.
Goku: I'll eat anything, even you.
Guys with swords make me randy.
Hey baby, I'm just the right Kai for you.
Hey baby, let me see your Dragon Balls!
Hey cutie, want me to rock YOUR dragon?
Hey girl, are you wearing Potara earrings? Because I wanna merge bodies with you.
Hey is your name Simon Bower? Because you're a fucking mad cunt.
Hey let's gokkun my house and let me play with your chi chi's.
Hey, baby, want to do the Fusion Technique at my place?
Hey, cutie, let me rock YOUR dragon.
Hey, I heard you know how to summon a big lizard!
Hey, let's 'Brain Dance', if ya know what I mean!
Hey, sexy, want to get into my trunks?
Hey, take a looky at my magic balls!!
Hey. You look like you're interested in me, and Tien is believing.
Hi, are you a member of the Ginyu Force? Because I could see you in a lot of exotic positions.
How would you like a taste of my Wolf Fang Fist?
I can't get enough of short, balding guys with bad attitudes.
I could of had immortality, but I wished for you!
I just love the way you made Cell go perfect! Think you could do that for me?
I like guys who are named after underwear.
I like short guys. Oh, I'm not implying your short or anything!
I may not be Android 19, but there is one way I can drain your energy.
I often get mistaken for Vegeta, but I'm actually his hot brother Vegeta.
I think you're the 'Head Cha-La'!
I want to have sex with you in the missionary position with the lights off for the sole purpose of reproduction.
I was going to gather all seven Dragon Balls so that I could summon the Eternal Dragon, but now I don't have to. Anything I could wish for is right in front of me.
I was thinking you could give me some personal training.
I wish you were like saibamen. I wanna plant you and grow a whole field of you.
I'm just Saiyan, you're super.
I'm not a Saibaman, but I want to wrap myself around you and explode.
I'm not Android 19 but I know a way I can drain your energy.
I'm not Broly but after tonight you'll be Saiyan that I'm legendary.
I've always wanted a guy who's not afraid of leather pants.
I've got a fridge filled with 2 tons of food. Wanna come over to my place?
I've got two of the greatest balls on earth. Wanna see?
If only I could find a man with an attitude
If you get your hands on my dragon balls, I'll make your wishes come true.
If you handle these balls, a great dragon will arise and make all your wishes come true.
Is that a magical staff in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that a nyoibo in your pocket, or are you just pleased to see me??!
Is that a sword on your back or are you just happy to see me?
Is your hair the ONLY thing you have that's big?
Is your name Piccolo? Because I'd like to Nail you.
Is your name Vegeta? How about you give me a final flash?
Just call me Cell, because I want to stick it in you.
My bedroom is like the hyperbolic time chamber. If we go in it I'll give you a year's worth of pleasure in one night.
My power level isn't the only thing rising here.
Oh, my dear prince, let me show you the pleasures of being royalty, tonight.
People call me Oolong...the 'T' is silent.
So can that tail do anything else?
Super Saiyan 2 Gohan defeated Cell with only one hand. I've got a much easier job you can do with it.
That spandex is so tight! How do you get into it?
That spandex must be really tight. Can I take it off for you?
That's not my Kamehameha girl, that's my penis!
They call me trunks, because I know how to swing my sword.
Wanna spar? If you know what I mean..
What a coincidence, my name begins with 'Son' also! Wanna hook up?
When i saw your face, I became hung like an oozaro.
Who needs 7 balls to summon their Dragon when you are around?
Wow, those are some really tight pants! How do get into them, maybe starting with a drink??
Yo, Veggie, why don't you put all that energy to good use?
You are SOOOO much stronger than anyone else and better looking too! Wanna come over to my place?
You get more than just my power level rising.
You make my Power Pole extend.
You're a Saiyan and it's a full moon...I'm gonna make you howl.
You're always searching for the ultimate technique, right? Follow me and I'll show you a technique that's guaranteed to stop any man in his tracks.
You're so beautiful, you make Namekians green with envy.
Your eyes really are cold, but you're still hot
Your name must be 9000, because I'm all over you.
Your name must be Bulma, because I wanna get in your Trunks.
Are you a fire? Because I want to become one with you.
Are you Ben Grimm? Because I love your blue eyes.
Are you cosmic rays? Because you turn my thing hard as rock.
Are you part of Fantastic Four? Because your beauty is out of this world.
Behold the power cosmic! (Silver Surfer)
Boy: I'm invisible. Girl: No, you're not. Boy: Can you see me? Girl: Yes. Boy: Okay, how about this Saturday at 8pm?
Can you leap over tall buildings in a single bound? Because you'll need that ability to be on top
Did you just survive a tangle with Johnny Storm? Because you’re super hot.
Do you know how good it feels without a uniform?
Do you mean it when you say, 'Looks don't matter'?
Do you wanna know how I got these scars?
Don't worry, babe. I'm only quick on my feet.
Doom will gladly engage in sexual activities with you! Doom endures.
Flame on!
Four sweatervests!
Go easy on me, okay? I sometimes burst into flames.
Hard on!
Hey baby, want to see what the REAL Ultimate Nullifier looks like?
I absolutely love the 'i am invisible one' one
I am so into you that I would totally catch you before you hit the ground if you fell off of a building.
I can pretty much guarantee the kid will look like you.
I can see right through to your heart.
I hope you don't mind heat, because I've got a strong urge to get my flame on.
I'm going to rock your world!
I'm Mr. Fantastic in bed!
I'm stretchy like my spandex onesie.
Not everything's mutated, if you know what I'm saying.
On your mark, get set, glow!
The ladies like to call me Mr. Fantastic. Care to find out why?
Want to find out how far my body part can stretch?
Want to see my Fantastic Four-skin? Flame on!
Want to see my rock hard Thing?
Was your daddy the Human Torch? Because you on FIRE, Girl.
Whadda you say we call The Thing And The Invisible Woman and have a Fantastic Foursome?
Why don't we go somewhere private, because everyone at this bar thinks you're talking to your gimlet.
Would you like to have dinner with me and watch and my food digest?
You are rubber, I'm invisible, what ever you say, I bet I will fuck you.
You know if I become invisible now, it will look like you are talking to yourself.
You must be my board, because I want to ride you all day long. (Silver Surfer)
You must be the Human Torch because you’re on fire!
You must have been exposure to cosmic rays, because you look fantastic.
You're beautiful even when you're invisible.
You've taken me by Storm.
1 kiss... Please
Are you a banana? Because I lose all my self-control like the minions when I see you.
Are you a despicable supervillain? Because I want to serve you.
Are you a papoy? Because I want to play with you.
Are you wearing a blue overalls and black gloves? Because you are just too cute.
Bee-do-bee-do-bee-do! You are so hot!
Bi-do, have we met?
Bya hana lireywii. (There is a star on the sky).
Can you see it? You're one in a minion.
Hana Dui Sae, will you go out with me?
Hey I'm Stuart- the rebel.
I am multi-talented! I can talk, annoy and irritate you all at the same time!
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
I love your Heterochromia iridum eyes.
I wish we will never say Poopaye.
I would get all the banana in the world para tu.
I would swim the ocean for you.. lol just kidding there's sharks in there.
I'm Bob. King Bob.
Imma call you minion ... And you shall be my minion
Inside my head, I'm an expert flirt. But when it comes time for me to actually flirt, I'm like: BANANA.
Kanpai!
Me want banana!
Mi bella!
MINion ka ba? kasi i love you for a minion times.
Muak muak muak... Muak muak muak... Muak muak muak... I can go on. I will never be tired of kissing you.
Po-ka is your name?
Stupa! Stupa! You've been running in my mind all night.
Tatata-bala-tu! Why do you have to be so perfect?
Tulaliloo ti amo <3>
Underwear...you are the most beautiful Minion I have ever met.
Would you like to go grab some Gelato?
You are sweeter than a 'Papples'
You have a nice Butt! Can I make a copy?
You have me at Bello!
You say I'm dirty minded... but how did you understand what I mwant?
You're one in a minion.
You know, with a crack and a shake, minions are not the only way who can glow in dark for some activities in the dark.
Are you as easy to pick up as your counterfeit purse?
Are you on FBI's most wanted? Because you're at the top of my list.
Are you the mafia? Because I don't think the boss gave you permission to torture me with those good looks.
Are you tired? Because you've been following me all day.
Are you're free this Friday? Would you like to have dinner or do I have to murder your cat?
Aww, girl, I'm gonna have to put you on my 'To Do' List!
AYE baby is that my name tattooed on your back
Baby you are so fine, I want to kidnap and smuggle you to my private villa.
Be my Valentine... and we can do it execution-style.
Cinderella got her fella, with a slipper made of glass. So please be mine, Valentine, or I'll have to whack your ass.
Could you help me find my crowbar?
Damn, girl. Is your ass the internet? Because ima monitor that all DAY.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
Girl, I can't wait to extort you.
Girl, you must have been money laundering, because there is no tracking data to indicate how you arrived at this location.
Girl, you owe me a drink because when I saw you I dropped mine.
Here's a burner phone with my number in it. Call me sometime.
Hey baby, are you a 1928 Cadillac Town Sedan? Because I would love to ride you like a mafia.
Hey baby, I know what you did last summer
Hey baby, I'd do anything to get with you... like stealing your husband's identity.
Hey ma, lookin fly
Hope da chocolates is good, but y'know, dis ain't really what a guy's heart looks like.
How you gonna act like we don't be making love? You know we be tearing it up, breaking stuff, that ghetto love.
I got arrested the other day. [For what?] For having two guns and a six pack.
I investigated you last night. You turned up sexy.
I might be a fa-ba, but being rich is cosa nostra.
I must complete the mission, but first, sex.
I noticed that you are gangster. I'm pretty gangster myself.
I will be watching you.
I will make you an offer you can't refuse
I'm a babbo in love with you.
I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
I'm digging you like a shovel ma!
I'm here to fulfill your fondest wishes. Now that your husband sleeps with the fishes.
I'm like a Calico 9mm rifles. I can go on and on and on.
I've got a tap on you, now I just need that ass
I've waited so long for you to be mine! Now that Sinatra's dead, be *my* Valentine.
If being sexy was a crime, you would be on FBI's most wanted list.
If fine was a felony you'd be on death row.
If what matters is on the inside... How about I get on the inside?
If you were a car, I'd wax and ride you all over town
Is that a revolver in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me?
Is your dad a drug dealer? Because you sure are dope!
Is your dad a thief? Because he stole all of the stars in the sky and put them in your eyes.
It's not personal, it's just business.
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal you're heart, and you'll steal mine.
Lie down with me - It's my final offa, Or you'll be lying wit' Jimmy Hoffa.
Lust is fleeting, True love lingers. Be mine always, And you'll keep your fingers.
My love for you is more than family.
My love for you... it came and went. So your feet are now in wet cement.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I want to tattoo your name on my arm.
Sup girl, need a ride?
The boss is trying to steal my penis... I need to find a place to hide it.
The day we met, my little pet, I knew with just one look that you'd bear a son, and now that's done, so shut your mouth and cook!
The mob wants to steal my penis. Can I hide it inside you?
They say make a song about cars & drugs but even gangsta mawfcka's fall in love.
This guy Mando. He is a good man.
Valentine, Dear, lend me a hand, So I won't be a self-made man.
Violets are blue, roses are red. I blew up your car, so why ain't you dead?
Waddup, c'mon over hea and ride with me 920 style baby...
Watch your step girl....don't want you to fall in love with someone else.
We had you at hello.
Well, I'm afraid you've caught me with more than my hands up
What can I do to earn your love? A friend of mine can vouch for me.
What up? You looking like a Yangster... ya dig in me.
Whatever I am...Whatever is left of me, I'm yours.
When a goon makes you die, because you told him goodbye, that's amore!
Will you married me and be part of the family? It will be a pity to see you on the next contract.
Yo Hoes..what's yallz bitachess names?
You a good girl, you jus need a thug in ya life to treat you rite!
You are as beautiful as your mugshot photo.
You can be my Capo di tutti capi (Boss of bosses) anytime.
You look a lot like my next comare!
You must be the , because I want to violate you.
You stole my heart, so can I steal your last name?
You tell Tony. He is a dead man.
Your parents must have been organized crime, but I've already cracked you.
Youse da greatest. Youse da best. But you're untouchable, like Elliot Ness.
After all this is over, I'm going to have 99 virgins, but you won't be one. (Nine Twelve)
All the nubile lolis in my harem don't think that I'm a complete loser.
Are you a trap card? Because I’ve fallen for you. (Yugioh)
Are you a tuner monster? Because you’re powering up my Syncro. (Yugioh)
Are you Kanie Seiya, because you're a ten.
Are you the Kyo to my Ani? (topkek m7)
Baby ill show you ALL 6 paths! (Naruto)
Baby they call me Diedara because I’m going to explode all over your face (Naruto)
Be the tsun to my dere
Beauty is art. Art is a bang. Beautiful, I want to bang you. (Akatsuki)
Can I buy you a health potion to get things in motion?
Can I insert my deck into your duel disk slot? (Yugioh)
Damn girl, I’m wanna give you that shinra tensei. (Naruto)
Damn, girl, you must be a hollow. You make my zanpaku-to go bankai.
Deidara: I don’t have tongues coming out of my hand for not hing you know (Naruto)
Do they make you in hug pillow?
Do you have a tampon I can put in my nostril? Because my nose started bleeding when I saw you.
Do you have any Uzumaki in you? Would you like some? (Naruto)
Do you like tentacles? Because i just drugged your beverage while you weren’t paying attention. (Akatsuki)
Ever been shukaku'd? (Gaara)
Ever notice how 'End of Evangelion' and 'Let's Get It On' rhyme?
Everybody calls me shark but you can call me tonight. (Yugioh)
Excuse me, is your name Hina? Because I think I'm in love.
Front Crowd isn't my strongest style, but I've been told I'm a master at breaststroke... (Rin Matsuoka)
Girl have you mastered the Rasengan, because every time your hand touches me you make me dizzy. (Naruto)
Girl when I see you, mokuton activates in my pants for no reason. (Naruto)
Gun DAM, you are FINE girl!
Gurl I would bang you like the end of Cowboy Bebop.
Hashirama: I could show you a special kind of mokuton jutsu in private if you’d like. (Naruto)
heaven must be missing an angel, because I want to run away and cry for thirty minutes. (Shinji)
Hey baby! I m like rubix cube. The more you play with me the harder i get. (Naruto)
Hey girl want to do 25 episodes of blushing at each other and then looking away? (Kimi ni Todoke)
Hey girl! Wanna see my deck? (Yugioh)
Hey Sasuke! How’d you like have your Throwing-knife in my Shuriken? (Naruto)
Hey sweetie, they call me 'White Lightning.' Care to find out why? (Yugioh)
Hi I'm Klein!
How’d you like to see my kunai? (Naruto)
I can ride a motorcycle and play a card game at the same time, hon. (Yugioh)
I can't believe my little sister isn't as cute as you.
I carry around my dead sister's cell phone. Wanna sleep together?
I don’t mind fangirls. (Yugioh)
I don’t need to use byakugan to see into your heart. (Naruto)
I equip Viagra to my Kuriballs! (Yugioh)
I give better tongue than Deidera. But you’ll have to see for yourself. (Naruto)
I promise, I can always find a girls G-Force.
I put the three in threesome…Un, Yeah, Baby! (Akatsuki)
I shall beat you to within an inch of your life…and then i am going to have you. (Akatsuki)
I want to put you in face-down position. (Yugioh)
I was just checking you out from across the room with my Sharingan. I came over because I notice your chakra use is limited, and well let's just say I really know how to get your chakra flowing.
I'd find all seven dragonballs for you baby, and then some
I'd perform a human transmutation to see you one last time
I'd trade an arm and a leg to get a piece of your philosopher's stone. (Edward Elric)
I'll let you use my Death Note if you go on a date with me.
I'm damn good. Believe it! (Masashi Kishimoto)
I've got nine tails, think you can take them all in one shot? (Naruto)
I’ll be Naruto for you Hinata. (Naruto)
I’ll love you longer than all the Naruto episodes. (Naruto)
I’ve two of what most men…have only one of. (Akatsuki)
If you go out with me, I'll treat you how I treat my Pocky. I'll spend a lot of money on you, bring you home and finish you off within 5 minutes before I lay in bed crying myself to sleep.
Im not Hashirama, but dreaming about you has made me master Morning Wood Style. (Naruto)
Infinite Tsukuyomi must have activated because you are everything I’ve dreamed of. (Naruto)
Is that a Pokeball in your pocket or are you happy to see me?
Is that obelisk in your pocket or are you just happy to see me? (Yugioh)
Jutsu's ain't the only thing these hands are good for. (Naruto Uzumaki)
Kakashi: I don’t use my fingers only for thousand years of pain. (Naruto)
Kisame: My Samehada has never been this excited. (Naruto)
Let's Bang
Let's find a quiet place to connect and form Voltron.
Let’s go to Satisfaction Town (Yugioh)
My extensive Master Grade Gunplay collection is just proof of my magic fingers.
Naruto: I’ve got nine tails, can you handle them all at once? (Naruto)
NeoTokyo must be in trouble, because I'm looking at an angel right. (Shinji Ikari)
Ooh, has anyone ever told you that you look just like Kirito?
Orochimaru: Be my vessel, I want to be inside you. (Naruto)
Roses are red, Foxes are clever. I like your butt, Let me touch it forever. (Yugioh)
Roses are red, violets are blue, omae wa mo shindeiru
Shadow games are quite boring… how about playing with the lights on? (Yugioh)
Show me your Bankai, big boy. (Tite Kubo)
Sixteen point five... inches that is... (Kirigaya Kazuto)
Sometimes my friends call me Speed Racer, because adventure's always waiting just ahead.
That’s not a kunai in my pocket, y’know. (Naruto)
There's enough Ai in Jailbait for the both of us.
They call me a terrorist, because I got this weapon of ass destruction. (Nine Twelve)
They say Uzumaki have the strongest bodies. Believe it. (Naruto)
This drill ain't the only thing that will be piercing the heavens. (Kamina)
Tobi is good in bed. I can ‘Go At It’ for 72 hours straight without stopping. (Akatsuki)
Wall maria ain't the only thing getting wrecked tonight. (Colossal Titan)
Want to join my harem? I'll let you be the canon girl.
Why don't we go back to my place and find my Dragonballs?
Why don't you come over to my house so we can watch a little Sailor Moon to get in the mood?
Would you mind if i thirst my dark magician’s staff deep down inside your dark hole? (Yugioh)
You activated my heart! (Yugioh)
You can be my Henrietta and I will be your Guiseppe.
You can ride with me anytime baby and i’m not talking about motorcycles. (Yugioh)
You seem a bit stiff, but I still got wood. (Yamato)
You're kawaii as hell.
You're softer than a dakimakura boo
Your name must be Kimmimaro because you give me a boner. (Naruto)
Zabuza: I’m one of the seven swordsmen, wanna be my sheath? (Naruto)
They say once you start drinking alone, you're an alcoholic. I'm really trying to avoid that' Don Draper: 'So I guess I'm helping both of us'
“I'm not the solution you're looking for. I'm another problem.” That's from Mad Men. Hot right?
Anybody mind if I take off my pants?
Can I expense you a drink?
Forget growing old together, let's pickle our youth in gin together.
Give me a martini please.
Hey baby, let's take a 17-month hiatus together and then pretend it never happened.
Hey girl, show me your Joans.
I don't mind sleeping alone, but napping in my office without you is unbearable.
I just was giving her a hard time... can I give you one too?
I like redheads. Their mouths are like a drop of strawberry jam in a glass of milk.
I was trying to communicate without words, but it's not working.
I'm guaranteed best on the market, voted #1 in satisfaction, and will leave you feeling refreshed, relaxed and invigorated.
I'm just like Peggy Olson... Come back to my place, I've got all the ideas and will do all the work.
I'm just like the show 'Mad Men'. I'll make you wait until Sunday night, and then I'll make you scream.
I'm not a solution to your problem. I'm another problem.
I'm not trying to hit on you. I'm selling you a product, and that product is me.
I'm just like Mad Men, I'll make you wait till Sunday night — and then I'll make you scream.
I'm just like Peggy Olson: Come back to my place, I've got all the ideas and will do all the work.
I'm not trying to hit on you. I'm selling you a product, and that product is me. Guaranteed best on the market, voted #1 in satisfaction, and will leave you feeling refreshed, relaxed and invigorated.
If you really love me, you'll make me your mistress.
Let's ignore the Surgeon General's warning together... Lucky Strike?
Let's sexercise.
Look, I want to tell you something and I hope you understand it comes from the bottom of my damaged, damaged heart. You are the finest piece of ass I ever seen and I don't care who knows it.
My generation, we drink because it's good, because it feels better than unbuttoning your collar, because we deserve it. We drink because it's what men do.
My name is Peggy Olson and I wanna smoke some marijuana
Now, all I need is a cigarette and you.
Of course I'm sketchy, I'm an art director.
The drunker you are, the funnier I become. ABC did research.
The sun's almost down. Why aren't you drunk yet?
This isn't China. There's no money in virginity.
Want to grab lunch?
What you call 'love' was invented by guys like me. To sell Nylons.
When God closes a door, he opens a dress.
When you can't feel your cheeks, you've had enough
Why it is that whenever a man takes you to lunch around here, you're the dessert?
You don't want to get in this boys club... it wants to get in you.
All you have to do is respect our chemistry.
Baby, every time i see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Baby, the only thing clearer than this batch of crystal is the rock I'll put on your finger.
Boxer or briefs? Whitey. Tighties.
Chem students do it on the table periodically.
Come inside my RV and I'll show you some real chemistry.
Crystal Meth ain't got nothing on you, baby!
Even Walter White couldn't improve on the chemistry between us.
Feelin' lonely, girl? Better call Saul!
Girl, I'm about to explode in my pants like an improperly run meth lab.
Girl, your eyes are bluer than Heisenberg's crystal!
Hey girl, you want to head to my RV and form a covalent bond?
I did it for me. I liked it. I was good at it. And I was really -- I was alive... when I am with you.
I hope you have eggs in your refrigerator, girl. Because I'm making breakfast in the morning.
I like your dress, but it would look better on the floor of my meth lab.
I own a carwash. Let's get dirty.
I won't call you bitch unless you want me to. (Jesse)
I'm attracted to you so strongly, scientists will have to develop a fifth fundamental force.
I'm in the DEA and I'm totally DTF. (Hank)
I'm the one who knocks.
If my right leg is the cell wall and my left the membrane, do you want to be the cytoplasm?
If the trailer's a rockin', don't come a knockin'!
Join me in bed. Fight me and die!
La familia es todo.
Let's discover our coefficient of friction.
Lets get together and test the spring potential of my mattress.
My love for you is 99.1% pure.
Real men know how to cook.
Say my name!
Say you want this.
Screw Meth. Love is my drug.
Want to meet up so I can excite your natural frequency?
When you and me get together it's like superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
Yo, Gatorade me, bitch. (Jesse)
You are the Lily to my Valley.
You are welcome to my territory anytime.
Your eyes are bluer than Heisenberg's crystal
Am I Daryl Dixon? Because I have an arrow and I'd like to penetrate you.
Are you a Walker? Because you just walked away with my heart.
Are you a zombie? [no] Want some?
Are you into necrophilia?
Are you Michonne's cat? Because you are just too damn gorgeous!
Are you tired? Because you've been dragging your feet around my mind all day
Are your feet tired? Because you've been shambling and lurching through my mind all day.
As a matter of fact, I *am* Edward James Olmos.
Baby, this is a DICKatorship!
Can my pet zombies watch?
Carol: Im very very into that rough dirty look, can you put it on me?
Damn, I´m now gonna have to rewrite my Zombie Plan to include you
Did it hurt when you fell from Heaven? Or when you landed on that sharp stick? You should probably take that out, you know.
Did you apply that makeup yourself or are you an extra on The Walking Dead
Do you have a little zombie in you?...Would you like to?
Do you know where Carl is? No? Wanna fuck?
Do you like to get busy in the middle of the woods?
Do you need a leg massage since you've been running from Roamers all day?
Does anyone want to come into the barn with me?
Fuck me if I'm wrong, but I think there IS a cure!
Give me a call later so we can flesh out all the details.
Glenn: Im suppose to deliver you a pizza, Then I realized you lived in my heart.
GRUH.
Hey girl, I'd love to eat your brains out
Hey, I'd necrophile yo ass
Hey, I'm hungry. May I invite you to dinner? [!] We can go eat that guy/girl over there
Hey, wanna Rigor my Mortis?
Hey. You look kinda cute with those twisted legs, torn off jaw and eye dangling on your cheek
Hi, I'm a zombie. Mind if I take a bite out of you?
How many walkers will it take for me to kill until you have sex with me?
Hurry! Walkers are almost here, say you'll go out with me!
I almost got eaten alive. Hold me.
I can make a lovely squirrel casserole.
I Chews Chews Chews You!
I could sit under this tree with you forever.
I don't mean to sound forward. I mean, I know I hardly know you. But I don't think we're gonna live through this. And… I've never been with a man before.
I have needs that cannibalism just can't satisfy.
I have no idea where Carl is, but I'm 100% sure that I want you.
I just got bite…with your love
I like my sex how I like to kill Walkers: quick and dirty
I like my women like I like my tequila… cold and stiff. And, of course, that whole worm thing.
I like the taste of toes.
I like you, your intestines are still in your body.
I lost all my children now, want to create some new ones?
I love a girl with brains, but not in the zombie way.
I love you for your braaaaaaaaains!
I love you for your mind
I made this ear necklace just for you!
I may have one leg but I have something else to balance me out if you know what I'm saying.
I put the Bi in “zombie.”
I think you're beautiful, chew on that for a little bit!
I used to be a football player before the Apocalypse. What did you do?
I wanna eat you out
I want to infest all my time with getting to know you.
I will have sex with you. It is not like our options are vast.
I Z U
I'd give my right arm for a date with you. Here you go!
I'd kill a barn full of walkers for you!
I'd kill a thousand walkers for you.
I'd run to a deserted store and grab condoms so fast for you.
I'll lower my weapon if you lower yours first.
I'll make you scream............. I mean sing.
I'm a 'walker' alright – A long, romantic walker.
I'm a biter too.
I'm a mortician and work with corpses all day, but you're the right kind of dead for me
I'm a ricktator in the sack.
I'm feeling kinky, let's do it on a pile of walkers.
I'm missing an eye but I can clearly see you're in love with me.
I'm on Carl watch, care to join me?
I've noticed you from afar, in my scope…
If I flip a coin, what are my chances of getting head in the guard tower?
If I had a cell phone, or any fingers, I would ask you for your number.
If I said you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me and then let me eat it?
If I shot an arrow through our heart will you still believe I'm Cupid?
If I turned into a walker, I'd come after you first!
If I was a zombie, I think I would like the taste of you.
If I was I walker, I'm pretty sure I'd like the taste of you.
If I wear a eyepatch, will you sleep with me?
If I'm a walker, IDGAF, we're still cuddling.
If my respiratory system still worked, you'd take my breath away.
Is that maggots in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
It is the end of the world. Let's make love until we feel alive again.
It might just be that I've been locked up in a prison for years, but you're the most beautiful living person I've seen in a long time!
It's a good thing I'm a zombie, because you are drop-dead gorgeous!
It's my lucky day cause (I'm a zombie and) you're drop-dead gorgeous
It's the apoca-lips. So kiss me!
Kiss me while I still have my lips.
Man it's hot in Atlanta, we should get naked.
Merle: Just be glad I lost my hand... Because I'd grip your ass and make you mine sugar tits.
My bites will infect you with love.
My jacket has angel wings on the back. I've been sent down from heaven to protect you.
My right hand may be gone but my left hand can still do all the magic.
My wife just turned into a zombie. So….I'm single now.
Nice ribs!
Prove that I'm not a zombie? Well, your brain is pretty much the only part of you I'm not interested in.
Sweetie, you got everything: brains, body and the fact that you're still alive is a big plus!
The sight of you cleaning your sword really turns me on.
There is gotta be a cure for your hotness.
Two words: ZOMBIE ORGY!
Walkers are coming…and so am I
Wanna go kill some zombies in the ‘burbs and screw in the car afterwards?
Wanna see how I handle a sword?
Wanna tie me to a tree and do stuff to me?
Wanna use those arms on this DIECK?
Want me to tickle you with my trigger finger?
Want to go into town with me and make out in a convenience store?
Want to hop on my chopper and kill some walkers together?
Want to see my aquarium of walker heads?
We're all infected, might as well make the best of it!
Well, okay. It's rigor mortis. But I'm still happy to see you!
Were all Infected...... With your Good Looks..
What am I Governor of? How ‘bout yer ass!
What do you say that we go check out what's in that barn?
What do you think of my Sheriff's hat?
What is it with the smell of decomposing bodies that make me think of you?
What's a nice corpse like you doing in a place like this?
What's your preferred weapon to kill?
When I'm not leading my group, I also volunteer at the abandoned old folks home.
Where were you when the outbreak happened?
Who's your zombie?
Why don't you come here and snap this DIECK?
Why don't you come over here and do stuff and thangs on this DIECK?
With the body parts you do have, would you hold it against me?
Would you like to go back to my place? Grab a shovel!
You know, I just happen to have a bed in my RV.
You know, I'm good at head shots.
You remind me of my ex, so I'm gonna rip your heart out
You'd make a great mummy
You've stolen my heart. No, seriously. Can I have it back?
Your beauty is eating away at my heart.
'Anomalous heat reading off the starboard bow, setting an intercept course!'
'I’ll chase you ’round the moons of Nibia and ’round the Antares Maelstrom and ’round Perdition’s flames before I give you up!'
'Nice legs…for a human.'
'So Lieutenant. How about I show the meaning of Torpedo – full spread?'
Although it is illogical, I am afraid you have emotionally compromised me.
And you think my ears are big….
Baby are your hailing frequencies open?
Baby, you’re hot enough to jump-start a Vulcan's pon farr.
Beam me up, hottie!
Can I beam you up shorty?
Can I take a ride on your warp core?
Can I tribble you for some sweet kisses?
Can you feel the Pon Farr tonight?
Dang…so many torpedoes…so little time.
Did the earth move for you, or are we sitting on a Horta?
Do you want to go where no man has gone before?
Forget warp speed, let’s just go on impulse..
Hello, I had sensors scanning for sexy lifeforms and you where the only one they could find.
Hey baby, wanna calibrate my tricorder?
Hey baby, wanna see my bat'leth?
Hey baby! Someone must have shot you with a phaser set on 'stunning'.
Hey, it’s about time you docked that shuttle!
Hi I’m the Captain, how may I be of service?
How about I slip into something more comfortable.. like these star trek voyager pajamas baby!
I am having trouble getting my photon torpedo out of it’s breech, can you assist?
I can’t help it — my eyes are trapped in the gravitational field of your breasts!
I wouldn’t mind getting my hands on your ample nacelles.
I'm going to ask you out. Resistance is futile
I'm really great with tongues.
I'm Wesley crushing on you
I’d like to clean your plasma conduits.
I’d like to fill your Jeffries tube.
I’ll show you my docking bay if you show me your ship.
I’ve got something big in my torpedo tube.
Is that a phaser in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
It's Pon Farr. If you don't come home with me tonight, I'll die. You don't want that on your conscience, do you?
Klingon Pick Up Line: bIQamQo'chugh, chay' qapummoHlaH? (If you won't stand up, how can I knock you down?)
Klingon Pick Up Line: che'ron 'oH parmaq'e' 'ej DaHjaj SuvwI' jIH! (Love is a battlefield, and today, I am a warrior!)
Klingon Pick Up Line: Daqtagh HInob! tIqwIj qa'angnIS! (Hand me a d'k tahg! I must show you my heart!)
Klingon Pick Up Line: may'luchwIjmo' Qobbe' tajmey 'ach tIqwIj luDuQ mInDu'lIj! (My armor shields me from knives, but your eyes pierce my heart!)
Klingon Pick Up Line: pu' tIHmey bach'a' mInDu'lIj? vIleghDI' jIroSHa'choH! (Do your eyes fire phaser beams? When I see you I get stunned!)
Klingon Pick Up Line: pu'jIn vIpoQ. mInDu'lIj vIbejtaHvIS DaqwIj vIlIj! (I need a map. I got lost while I was watching your eyes!)
Klingon Pick Up Line: tuj'a' pa'vam? ghobe'. 'IwwIj DapubmoHba' SoH'e'! (Is it warm in here? No, it is clearly you who makes my blood boil!)
Let’s go back to my shop so I can inspect your EPS Conduit.
Logic tells me it'd be most beneficial if we reproduced.
Looks like you could use some work on your port inducer.
My multi-phasic trans-dimensional inducer method is guaranteed to complete your cycle of operations.
Someone must have shot you with a phaser set on 'stunning'.
Take off your clothes and let's start the next generation.
Thank God I’m not a red shirt, because you’re drop dead gorgeous!
Wanna breach my wrap core?
Wanna see the Captain's log?
Want to see my Class 3 probe? Earth woman, prepare to be probed!
We are the Borg. Lower your shields and surrender your heart.
What happens if I blow on your antenna?
When i have you in my sensors range, my plasma conduits goes on fire.
Would you like some Vulcan in you?
You can explore my planet anytime.
You can set your phaser to stunning!
You don't need a mind meld to know what I am thinking.
You make my pants go to Red Alert.
Your eyes look Spocktacular!
Your mouth says, ‘Shields up!’, but your eyes say, ‘A hull breach is imminent.’
Your pants are the final frontier
Are you related to Yoda? Because yodalicious.
Can I call you my Na-boo?
Can I see your garbage mashers on the detention level?
Captain, being held by you is quite enough to get me excited.
Damn girl you R2 fine and you're lucky I'll give you the D2.
Did it hurt when you fell from Cloud City?
Did you know the French say orgasms are like little death stars?
Do you understand the binary language of moisture vaporators? Because I’d like to program your binary loadlifter.
Don't worry baby, if I get tired there are 3 million more of me.
Earth woman, prepare to be probed!
Honey, you’ve been looking for love in Alderaan places!
How about you come back to my place so i can touch your naboobies.
How can you be from an ice planet when you’re so Hoth?
I am C-3PO Human-cyborg sexual relations.
I could get you undressed in less than 12 parsecs.
I could spend a millennium in your falcon.
I did the Kessel run in under 12 parsecs but I'm gonna take it slow with you.
I farm moisture for a living.
I feel a great disturbance in my pants...
I find your lack of nudity disturbing...
I have a good feeling about you.
I hope you’re into cyborg-human relations, because I’m feeling like a machine right now.
I know what you’re thinking: That’s no moon, that’s a space station!
I know you've heard about my bad motivator but I give a mean back rub!
I like it rough.
I love it when you call me Ani...
I may look like an Ewok, but I’m all Wookie where it counts, baby.
I may not be able to feel the Force, but I wish I could feel you.
I may not look like much, but I've got it where it counts, kid.
I must be from Alderaan, because you just blew up my world.
I usually Han Solo, but I'd let you turn on my light saber!
I wanna Lando in your Calrissian.
I want you so bad we should get matching Tatooine's
I would hit that like the side of a tree on Endor.
I'm here to collect the bounty on dat ass.
I’m here to rescue you. I’ve been told I have the cool sexual prowess of a Romulan.
If you think Chewbacca is hairy, wait until you see my Wookie!
Is that a lightsaber in your robe or are you just happy to see me?
Judege me by my size, do you? A gifted tongue, I have!
Leia's buns ain't got nothing on yours, baby.
Let's get hoth and heavy.
Let's go back to my Ewok village and yub nub all night.
Many Bothans died so we could screw.
My barge isn't the only thing ready to explode.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Not only can I beam you aboard, I can beam you a woody.
Obi-Wan told me to follow my instincts, and my instincts are all over you.
Open up your hangar my starfighter needs refueling.
Size matters not.
Tell me of this thing you humans call (pause) love.
The force is strong with this one.
They made a new color light saber called flesh…wanna see?
Tonight this Han doesn't want to fly solo.
Unlike Han, I won't shoot first.
Wanna see my lightsaber?
Want to spend the night inside my tauntaun? I promise it doesn't smell worse on the inside.
Why don’t we head to my bedroom, peel back my Star Wars sheets, and discover what a true Jedi can do with his light-saber?
Yoda one for me.
You ladies looking for love in Alderaan places?
You like Star Wars? Let's go back to my place and violate the Jedi Code.
You look strong enough to pull ears off a gundark.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
You're endor-able!
You're the droid I've been looking for.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
You’re hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
You’re the Obi-wan for me.
Your smile glows brighter than a lightsaber.
“Urkuk lu Stalga.” That’s Klingon for “I love you baby.”
A fire-eater must eat fire, even if he has to kindle it himself. (Isaac Asimov, Foundation)
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
Are those real or were you upgraded in silicone valley?
Are you a Cylon? Cuz you’re always in my head.
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Because you are Cu-Te
Are you the keymaster? (Ghostbusters)
Are you willing to boldly go where no one has gone before?
Beam me down Cap'n. Waaaaay down.
Beep Beep Boop Beep Sex
Can I have your IP number? I seem to have lost mine.
Can you lube my joint?
Captain, she’s gonna blow!
Come back to my place and you can call me The Master.
Commencing explosive containment procedures, why? Because you're the bomb.
Crewman Madison, the mist of this strange planet is filling my head with such thoughts. (Galaxy Quest)
Destiny always seems decades away, but suddenly it's not decades away; it's right now. But maybe destiny is always right now, right here, right this very instant, maybe. (A Canticle for Leibowitz)
Did you just have a warp-core breach or are you just happy to see me?
Do you believe in love at first optical recognition, or should i ambulate by your location again?
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're Sodium fine!
Do you like it when I touch your PCI Slot?
Do you like Science? Because I've got my ion you!
Don’t look now, but Uranus is stunning.
Earth woman, prepare to be probed!
Engineers don't know the first thing about pleasing a woman. Friction alone can't get the job done.
Even if there were no gravity on Earth, I'd still fall for you!
Forgive my Kirk-like boldness, but you wanna go back to my mom’s place and watch ‘Dr. Who’?
From the first moment I laid eyes on you, I could never see the end. (Farscape, Bad Timing)
Heisenberg was wrong. I'm certain about what you're doing tonight.
Hey are you from the future? Because you just beamed my heart away.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy? Because i can see myself in them.
Hey baby, want to form a zygote?
Hey baby, what's your OS?
Hey doll, is this guy boring you? Come and talk to me. I'm from a different planet. (The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy)
Honey, you’ve been looking for love in Alderaan places!
How 'bout I slip into something more comfortable... like these STAR TREK VOYAGER pajamas!
I bet I can decrypt your code
I bet you're like calcium bicarbonate - if I get you wet, the reaction will be explosive!
I can’t help it — my eyes are trapped in the gravitational field of your breasts!
I have no emotions but I’ll cuddle after.
I haven't gotten laid in 4 years, 3 months, and 12 days, plus-or-minus 2 days. Would you care to check my error bars?
I may look like an Ewok, but I’m all Wookie where it counts, baby.
I may not be able to feel the Force, but I wish I could feel you.
I might be a physics major, but I'm no Bohr in bed.
I need your clothes, your boots and your motorcycle. (Terminator 2: Judgment Day)
I sense something… a presence I’ve not felt since I saw you bend over the bar.
I support portrait and landscape modes.
I usually Han Solo, but I'd let you turn on my light saber!
I want to see gamma rays! I want to hear X (rays! And I want to smell dark matter! (Battlestar Galactica)
I was lost in space until I saw YOU!
I wish I had a transporter, than I could be there whenever you need me.
I won’t blink because baby you’re a weeping angel.
I'd buy you a drink, but I am too busy trying to pull free from those imploding stars you call eyes.
I'm going to void your warranty!
I'm hung like a Foucault pendulum.
I've been told I have the cool sexual prowess of a Romulan.
I’ll deep clean your systems.
I’m fully functional and anatomically correct.
I’m fully functional….programmed in multiple techniques!
I’m the droid you’re looking for.
I’ve been told I have the cool sexual prowess of a Romulan.
If I asked you to lower your Shields would you be offended?
If I were a function(), would you call me?
If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
If I were The Doctor, would you be my companion?
If you think Chewbacca is hairy, wait until you see my Wookie!
If you were C6, and I were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be sweeter than sugar.
In my bed, it's perpetual motion all night long, baby.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Is that a lightsaber in your robe or are you just happy to see me?
Is that a sonic screwdriver in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Its time, to quote the vernacular, to Rock and Roll! (X-Men I)
Klingons killed the last captain of my heart, and I am looking for a suitable replacement.
Let's exchange fermions!
Let’s shed your cloaking device.
Let’s take your inertial dampeners offline.
Like the ideal vacuum, you're the only thing in my universe.
Maybe its just the way the triple moon-light hits your face, but you look incredible.
My docking station or yours?
My last partner wasn't very stable. She spontaneously decayed last week and left me for a neutrino.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and i think i have found the source.
My thoughts are constantly trapped in your gravity-well.
Nice Asimov.
Nice bolts wanna screw?
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Not only can I beam you aboard, I can beam you a woody.
Obi-Wan told me to follow my instincts, and my instincts are all over you.
Once you make love to a man with Vulcan ears on you never go back.
Red Leader, i'm going in!
Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads. (Back to the Future)
Someone must have shot you with a phaser set on 'stunning'.
Sorry I can't stop looking at your chest, you must have a tractor beam in your blouse.
Talk coding to me.
Tell me of this thing you humans call (pause) love.
That dress would look even better accelerating towards my bedroom floor at 9.8 m/s2
They made a new color light saber called flesh…wanna see?
This sounds insane, I know, but I've been dreaming about you. Even before I saw you were in my dreams. Weird isn't it. I mean... I don't know what it means ... but it might mean something, mightn't it? I hope so. Anyway, you're in danger and I think we should get out of here. (Brazil)
Torpedoes ready, captain.
Urkuk lu Stalga. That's Klingon for 'I love you baby.'
Wanna couple our equations tonight?
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
Want to grab some Java?
We fit together like the sticky ends of recombinant DNA.
We need not to be let alone. We need to be really bothered once in a while. How long is it since you were really bothered? About something important, about something real? (Fahrenheit 451)
We've got to risk implosion. We may explode into the biggest fireball this part of the galaxy has seen, but we've got to take that one (in (a (million chance. (Captain Kirk in Star Trek, The Naked Time(Alternatively: Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on. (A Taste for Armageddon)
What's a girl like you doing in a place like this when there's a Farscape marathon on right now on the Sci Fi channel.
What's your phaser's setting at? Because the moment I saw you I was stunned.
When I saw you I think my heart went into hyperdrive.
Whenever I look at you, my heart starts beating really fast like an Alien is going to burst out of my chest.
Why don't we head to my bedroom, peel back my Star Wars sheets, and discover what a true Jedi can do with his light-saber?
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
Why don’t you come explore this strange new world?
Would you be my companion? (Dr. Who)
Would you like a demo of my multitouch capabilities?
Yes, I know you’re metric- but I’m willing to convert.
Yoda one for me.
You are making my floppy drive hard.
You give me Torchwood.
You had me at Sign In.
You know what they say about Time Lords with long scarves…
You know, if you wanna get laid, you really don't have to pretend to be interested in the pyramid scan. I mean, you could just say, 'Hey, I'm trying to get laid'... Are you a robot? (Prometheus)
You make my interface GUI
You must be from outer space because I see the stars in your eyes.
You must be tired because you've been running your code through my CPU all night.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
You take the red pill, you stay in Wonderland, and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes. Remember: All I'm offering is the truth. Nothing more. (The Matrix)
You, me, here... this couldn't be any better if I programmed the holodeck myself!
You're going to steal ME! No, you HAVE stolen me. You ARE stealing me. Oh! Tenses ARE difficult, aren't they? (Doctor Who)
You're the Obi-wan for me.
Your clothes. Give them to me. Now.
Your lips say 0 but your eyes say 1
Your mouth says, 'Shields up!', but your eyes say, 'A hull breach is imminent.'
YouTube Myspace and I'll Google your Yahoo!
Are you a chicken? 'Cause I got my eyes ONEW. (SHINee)
Are you a lost member of Sistar? Cause you're so cool, cool, cool. (Sistar)
Are you a part of a Host Club? Because I'd pay anything just to see you. (Ouran High School Host Club)
Are you Masters Sun? Because I think I have found my Solar Energy. (Masters Sun)
Are you of royal ineage? Because I want you to be my princess. (My Princess)
Are you that Hip Hop Airplane Hostess? Cause I am paralyzed by your beauty. (Jay Chou)
Can't nobody turn me on like the way you do. (Lee Chae-rin)
Do you want to make some Heirs? (The inheritors)
Eyyyyy Sexy Lady! (Psy)
Fated to Love You. (Fated to Love You)
Get on the floor (365daband)
Gimme Chocolate (Babymetal)
Girl you are so adorable. Would you like to travel with me to outer space and melt in the milky way? (Jay Chou)
Girl, I can't explain what I feel (EXO)
Give me the time for one song and I will show you the world. (Jay Chou)
Hello hello (SHINee)
Hello hello what? Tell me what you want right now. (BTS)
Hey girl, your beauty is like the blue porcelain vase – delicate and exquisite. (Jay Chou)
I believe I am the chaser that's going to steal your heart. (Infinite)
I bet you are sweeter than a KRISpy Kreme D.O.nut. (EXO)
I can not fly, but I worth millions. (Jay Chou)
I just wanna know your name (Jay Park)
I know you are an angel because seeing you make me go crazy. (Teen Top)
I think I just found my beautiful target. (B1A4)
I want nobody, nobody but you (Wonder Girls)
I want to know your name. (Jay Park)
I will show you what love is. (EXO)
I'm a good doctor, so let me cure your love sickness. (Good Doctor)
I'm officially missing you. (Tamia)
I'm on fire, but you keep on standing still (U-Kiss)
If you want to get drunk, lets toast. I'll get you drunk with my music (Jay Chou)
Is this what you've been waiting for? I'm all by myself... but it's all good (G-Dragon)
Let me tell you something you already know (BAP)
Let's bang after school. (Kahi)
Let's make history tonight. (EXO)
Let's rendezvous at the rooftop! (Jay Chou)
Love is just a game to me…like Starcraft ( I’m Sorry i love you)
Love is like a jungle [baby] - survival of the fittest. Capture your prey or be captured (Show Lo)
Naega jeil jal naga I am the best (2NE1)
Please be my baby. (Wonder Girls)
Shall I tell you a something? You're Beautiful. (You are beautiful)
Wanna be my secrets that can't be told? (Jay Chou)
We’re tormented because love goes on, not because it goes away. (Il Mare)
Why don't we have another BIGBANG “tonight”? (Big Bang)
Will you kiss me? (G.Na)
Would you be my girlfriend? (Boyfriend)
Would you be my ukulele? (Jay Chou)
You can't like anyone more than you like me. (Playful Kiss)
You're my personal taste. (Personal Taste)
You're my sunshine. (Jay Chou)
I'd like to hang out at your peach pit
I'm a spring princess, so consider yourself sprung!
Check out my sweet buns
Flute-playing enhances my finger dexterity
Going out with you would be my biggest break since the rural juror
I always wear my special hat in bed
I love you almost as much as I love television
I'm a real good sex person
Let's run away on that boat I stole from some white guy
Let's work on our night cheese together
My nephew was in twilight
My sex doll is very popular in Japan
Sitting next to borpoh doesn't come close to snitting next to yerpoh
Standing next to you makes me feel better about myself
They call me toofer because I'm both black and great in bed
To blergh you is to love you
You make me feel like I'm high-fiving a million angels
your love makes me feel like my hearts trying to hug my brain
I blue myself when I think about you.
Is that a stair car in your pants or are you happy to see me?
There's a banana stand in my pants.
Wanna make a huge mistake?
Hehe. You give me like...a boner or something. Yeah. Hehe. A boner.
Girl your eyes are bluer than Heisenberg's Crystal
Angel, when I look into the future, all I see is you! All I want is you.
Are you a slayer because you sure are my chosen one.
Are you a witch because you sure got me spellbound
Hey, did you used to be a demon? Cuz that's hot.
I heard this place sells coffee. Maybe you and I could get one sometime, if you want.
I hope your soul is permanent because I will give you more than one moment of true happiness
It's not stalking if you both happen to be at the same party. (Spike)
Spike: You listen to me. [Kneels in front of her] I've been alive a bit longer than you, and dead a lot longer than that. I've seen things you couldn't imagine, and done things I prefer you didn't. I don't exactly have a reputation for being a thinker. I follow my blood, which doesn't exactly rush in the direction of my brain. So I make a lot of mistakes, a lot of wrong bloody calls. A hundred plus years, and there's only one thing I've ever been sure of: you.
You're my Angel.
Darling, you're on fire. Like doughnut grease.
Hey girl, let's go to the deer blind.
Hey girl, no need to hunt, you already trapped my heart.
Hey! I'm so dope. I'm illegal in 55 states!
I have never met a pizza that I didn't like.
No tea in this dress shop? What are you going to do?.. Put me in dress jail?
Once I bent down to pet a small dog and hey, it was a 5 pound squirrels.
One time in college, a girl told me it's not you, it's me. You're darn right it's you... you heifer!
Ouch! My tooth hurts..it's because you're so sweet.
Go home! Go home! Go home! With me.
Are you cold? Wanna borrow my Browncoat?
Baby, I love you so much that if Joss Whedon were writing our romance, one of us would be dead by now.
Browncoats do it better.
Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal in bed.
Hey, Wanna take a trip to the special hell?
I am a leaf on the wind... in bed
I swear by my pretty floral bonnet, I will do you.
I'd do anything to protect my sister. Does that make you hot?
I'd love to tune up your engine.
I'll be in my bunk. Wanna come with?
I'll follow you through a revolution and back.
I've got a 'book' for you to red.
In the morning, I'll let you wear my knitted cap.
Is that a Callahan full-bore auto-lock or are you just happy to see me?
No power in the 'Verse can stop me... in bed.
They call me the hero of canton, you know.
Two words: Companion training.
Wanna get twixt my nethers?
Would you like to stroke my gun? Her name is vera.
You will enjoy my special tea ceremony.
You're shiny.
You're sweeter than an ice planet.
[Make siren sound] Somebody call a cop! Cause it got to be illegal to look that good!
Care to dance?
Carlton
Girl, I got to tell you, that suit looks like a piece of 'Good God' wrapped up in some 'Have Mercy,' with a side of 'unghm!'
Hey baby, you look so good, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of y'all!
Hey girl, you look so good, I'd marry you brother just to get in your family
Hey girl!! Why don't you stand up and wrap your arms around a REAL man? Ok checkitout checkitout checkitout. I got 4 words for you... Hol-i-day. inn. C'mon girl you know you want to!
Hurry up and write your number down before I don't want it no more
I know your feet must be tired because you've been running through my mind all day!
I noticed you noticing me, so I just wanted to put you on notice.. that I notice you too
I think I've seen your picture somewhere before... oh yeah that's right, it was in the dictionary next to KABLAM!
I'm lyin' I'm dyin', you know what I'm sayin?
If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me? Get it? It's a double entendre... Savez-vous?
Let play a game called T.V, I turn your knobs and you watch my antennae rise.
Plus, I don't have any early classes so we can sleep in
Whatever it is that you servin, you better give me a double
You all that and a bag of chips!
A no sex pact! I have one of those with every woman in America!
Am I sexy in Tulsa?
C'mon man, just take 'em off, just take 'em off and we'll have some fun.
Can I be any more interested?
How you doing?
I can handle this. 'Handle' is my middle name. Actually, 'handle' is the middle of my first name.
I'm a paleontologist. I dig.
I'm not so good with the advice... Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment?
If you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows, then please give me money so I can buy a computer.
Janice: Oh... my... God!
Joey: Come on, give me another chance. I can do a southern accent. [with Jamaican accent] Joey: Ya, mon.
You waited too long and now you're in 'The Friend Zone'.
That ass. Have Mercy.
Don't leave. Everybody leaves.
Haven't you heard? I'm the crazy bitch around here.
Hey, girl, I’ve got some gossip for you. You sexy.
I'm Chuck Bass.
I'm not a stop along the way. I'm a destination.
Let’s get out of here and go all Chuck and Blair in the back of the limo.
Oh there is plenty of fish in the sea, but only one bass.
Wanna get in? I'd love to give you a ride.
Who needs consent? I'm Chuck Bass.
Your world won't be easier if I did not come back.
Are you a Grey's Anatomy fan? Because you're definitely McDreamy.
Will you be my person?
You'd better be a cardiologist, because something about you makes me want to give you my heart.
Hey baby, wanna twirl with me?
I think you're totally ah-mah-zing!
Looking for your happy ending? Let me show you the way.
Hey Wadester.
I almost died choking on a donut! Alone!
I am a love maker!
I am a regular Harry Potter… In the kitchen of course.
I just hope my next fake girlfriend isn't so bossy
I like to listen to 90's R&B before trial.
I think we should go out on a real date.
I use coffee to wake up. And, now I'm up.
I was just listening to a crazy termite. Hatching a crazy plan that absolutely will not work.
I'm Earl Kinsella and I have a lot to offer
I'm giving you my cold face. Hardcore, right?
I'm like a ship without a port!
Wade: What's going on here? Zoe: I am here, Wade, to seduce you. Wade: You know, most people don't announce it first. Zoe: I just wanted to make sure you were aware of what was happening because this, my friend, is happening.
Will you be my sex Yoda?
YOLO!
You have heartbreak and I have hostility. Let's take the day off and play hooky
You're like the girl of my dreams and the girl I made on my computer all in one.
I think my penis stopped breathing. Do you know CPR?
Haaave you met me?
Have you ever licked the Liberty Bell?
Ted Mosby, Architect
The story I tell our future kids about this moment will be legen- wait for it…
This might sound crazy, but I just had a flash-forward to us falling in love and getting married.
Age of the geek, baby.
Are you a good cuddler? I might let you join my team.
Are you Eliot Spencer? Can you help me retrieve my heart?
Baby we must be a perfect match, because you are in all my plans.
Can you empty your pocket? I believe you have stolen my heart.
I might be having feelings. Like weird, weird feelings for pretzels.
I provide leverage.
Is your name Alec Hardison? it seems you know how to turn my software to hardware.
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal you're heart and you'll steal mine.
Let's go break the law just one more time.
Meat should never be used as an adjective.
My name's Nate Ford...and I am a thief.
Sometimes bad guys are the only good guys you get.
What is it with women and shoes?
Whatever your real name is I will love you.
You can call me Sophie Devereaux. Because I'm the greatest actress.. when I am stealing your heart.
You have a tell.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
Your name must be Eliot. You had me at Hello.
How about you let me put my Malcolm in your middle.
Are you single? Because I'd love to start a non-nuclear family with you.
Can I go golfing with you?
Hey girl, I don't have power and success, but I'm funny.
How about we head up to the bedroom for some halftime festivities?
I followed Hall & Oates around the country one summer
I want to use my coupons for free hugs on you.
I'd love to be the Diet Pepsi to your Sofia Vergara.
I'm not Colombian, but I can tell you're caliente.
Why do you have to throw a wet blanket on my dreams?
You can't tell me your opinion doesn't matter. You changed me for the better in a hundred different ways. Yeah, I might miss a book or a, a salad here and there, but...I've got Claire all over me.
I'll slime you so good you'll think your on Nickelodeon
You're so amazing baby. Are you sure it's the queen that stole my heart?
Did you see that wonderful new documentary about the best sushi in the world?
Does anybody ever ask me how my day is going?
I like hot girls. And I like hot boys. I like hot people. What can I say? I'm shallow.
I like the shape of your ears.
I like your sweater…it's soft. - Piper
I may be a sick lesbian in a prison bunk. But I got a couple tricks up my sleeve.
I'm feeling some sapphic vibes coming off you.
We can sandwich toast to orgasms. - Red
You f***ing tickle me. - Nicky
Your ass haunts me. - Caputo
[Tom is playing with a stethoscope, using it on Leslie Knope (Amy Poehler)] Oh my god. Your boobs are dead!
Boo-boo bear. It's one of several nicknames I've made up for you. And you can choose which one you like best, 'cause I want this to be a give and take. ...We have cookie tush, Winnie the Boo, lady presh-presh, Annberry sauce, Annie get your boo, Tommy's girl, Annie bananie…
Excuse me! Are there any strippers here? Former strippers? Non-dancers but you're feeling a little bit drunk?
Girl, you're more precious than Precious.
Hey, boo. Are you aging in reverse? 'Cause you look barely legal.
Hi, I'm Tom, I have a raccoon on my head.
Joan, let's make a pact, OK? If we're both still single in an hour, let's get married.
Let's park and get some recreation going.
Listen to me. This harvest festival, it's gonna knock your socks off and when it does, I'm gonna be there to give you a foot massage. To completion.
No, I don’t text her, 'It was nice meeting you.' I wait eight weeks and I text her, ‘What's crackin?'
Yes I am a hunter, and it's you season.
A boyfriend? No thanks, I have food.
Are you a secure network? Because I want to get in you.
Baby, let me hack your pentagon.
Do you want some of my hot dog?
I like to watch. Do you?
I may shoot to kill, but I’d miss you.
I need your help to polish my gun.
I'm a sucker for surveillance. Would you like to join me?
I'm a very private person. Care to be something I'll never tell a soul about?
I'm like a human USB, baby. I can do it all.
If I get your number, can I call you sexy?
If you think I'm crazy now, wait until we get in the sack.
Let's go out to Oyster Bay, where no one will find us for a long, long time.
Of course I'm good in bed. How do you think Finch got his limp?
Yeah, that's a gun in my pants. But I'm also really happy to see you.
I wish I was a pokemon master so I could peek-at-chu (pikachu).
I don't have to be a medical professional to diagnose you with an extreme case of sexy.
I'm not a doctor, but I'd sure love to give you a physical exam.
I've got a fever, and the only prescription is more of what you've got, baby.
Can I show you my Long Island?
I am filled with so much love for you my heart might explode.
I don't let anything get in the way of what I want. And I want you.
I will help you avenge your father's death after you help me avenge this boner.
I'd love to dock my boat in your harbor.
I'll hack my way into your heart.
I'm not a gold digger. It's just your bank account turns me on.
Let's role play tonight. You play me and I'll play you.
Let's take some revenge out on these sheets.
Revenge is a dish best served cold; my love on the other hand, is best served hot and steamy.
Revenge might be a dish served cold, but I'll make sure the sex is piping hot.
Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey! Let's go out sometimes.
Hi, my name is George, I'm unemployed and I live with my parents.
I'd never yada yada sex with you!
No sex for you! I mean..Yes, sex for you!
You might not know it to look at me, but I can run really, really fast.
I see you're into anarchy. I'd love to get wild with you.
If you're too good for 99 percent of guys, that's cool, because I'm a one-percenter.
My engine is overheating just standing near you.
Are you a phoenix? ‘Cause baby you’re burning me up.
I would wuv to get in your pants.
I’d go to hell and back just to be with you.
I’d like to be your Mother of All
I’d love to jump in your hole.
I’m not a wraith, but I can make you go crazy with one touch.
If I’m a demon, you must be a Devil’s Trap, because I’m stuck to you.
Is Gabriel around? Because you’re like a beautiful mirage.
Is that the Colt in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
You checkin’ out my guns?
You don’t need a spell to summon me.
You must be Pestilence, ‘cause you’ve infected me.
You must be the Impala because I’d love to ride you all night.
You must be the yellow-eyed demon, because you’re my obsession.
You’re hotter than a ceiling fire.
I don't wanna blink, 'cause I'm afraid to miss even a second of your cuteness.
I like my women like I like my wine, red and full of alcohol.
I think you're hot. And whoever doesn't like it can kiss my ass!
This suit is for leisure. But many times I wear it to get down to business.
I might be going on a tangent, but would you like to be the Sine to my Cosine?
I wish I was an ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.
Let's get together and test the Big Bang Theory.
I'd like to love you until un-death do us part.
I'm digging your body, but what really turns me on are your brainssssss!
Is that rigor mortis setting in, or are you just happy to see me?
I'll love you until Tom catches Jerry and has him 4 supper
Alcohol is for people who can afford to lose some brain cells.
Charlie: Whatever. What are you doing for dinner? Lisa: Charlie, a lot has changed. Charlie: I know. I'm older and wiser, and you're hot and on the rebound!
Do you know the first position?
Ginger, U are fabulous! I’m an A-list actor you mite like to meet….Ure fone is dead and out of service…
Hello. I'm a babe magnet.
Here is a good news. If I realize I'm insane, then I'm okay with it. I'm not dangerous insane.
Hi, my name is Vod – Vod-Kaknockers!
I am on a drug. It's called Charlie Sheen.
I just want to get my mother out of my head. I don't want to quit drinking or gambling or none of that good stuff.
I'm dating myself.
I'm only a teacher from 8:15 to 3:00. After that, I'm just a person like anyone else.
Look, if you knew me at all and shut me down, it would be one thing, but to be dismissed on a simple 'hello', well, that's a tough pill to swallow.
Love isn't blind, it's retarded.
Sex couldn't kill me.
Always the con man, never the con.
Emotion is a con man’s sweet spot.
I don't smoke...but I do flirt...
I don’t know about you, but I’m feeling pretty enlightened right now.
I think I’m falling in love with you.
I want you to be part of my life.
I'm a criminal, we keep odd hours.
I’m just admiring you. It’s impressive how you’ve handled everything.
It is what it looks like - I was sent here to kill you.
It’s beautiful here.
My freedom is worth more than anything that diamond could buy.
Neal Caffrey, at your service.
Think I'm in trouble?
To another time, to another place, to another us.
You know from the moment I met you I knew You were a man of fine taste.
You’re on a clock. The question is who’s clock are you on?
(Or if you wanna get a good look at here rack...) baby, mind if I put some breadcrumbs down your blouse, 'cuz I am lost in your eyes.
Babe, you owe me a buck thirty-nine: you're so hot, you curdled the yogurt in my fanny pack.
Baby, watch out! You got so many curves you're makin' me carsick!
Baby, you need a 'YOU ARE HERE', sign on your forehead 'cuz I am lost in your eyes.
Can I buy you a drink? It'll help you tolerate my face. And my voice. And my smell.
Can I buy you dinner? You obviously like strappin' on the feedbag.
Darlin', standin' next to you does the impossible... it makes me even uglier.
Finally! You're here! I ordered a tall drink of water and hour ago!
Hey, if you Spring for me, I'll Fall for you. Please don't hit me.
Hi, my name is Moe. Or as the ladies like to refer to me , “Hey you in the bushes”
Hi. Please don't mace me.
Holy God, I shouldn't even be talkin' to you. it's like a disfigured rat chattin' up a unicorn.
Honey, it's all right if you got a temper, 'cuz I can take a punch.
I saw weird stuff in that place last night. Weird, strange, sick, twisted, eerie, godless, evil stuff. And I want in.
I'm not officially a hunchback, but if you find that kinda thing romantic, I'm pretty much there.
Lets go watch 'The Simpsons', you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!'
Listen, do you happen to have a blind twin sister?
Listen, gorgeous, if you're lookin' for an east mark to seduce and steal his identity... I'm your man.
Man, I want to be frozen until science can discover a way for men like me to have a change with women like you.
Noy you are a girl worth puttin' on deodorant for.
Sometimes you have to break the rules to free the heart.
Stupid risks make life worth living.
To alcohol! The cause of, and solution too, all of life's problems.
Wanna go out? I know I'm ugly, but you ain't no Sharon Gless yourself.
Well, you're obviously an angel, so I guess your wings got amputated, huh? Did God kick you out for stealin' or something'?
What's your sign, baby? Mine's 'No Fat Chicks.'
Why don't you go out with me and confuse everybody who believes in Natural Selection?
Wow, I never thought I'd see an angel in a craphouse like this.
Wow, if you were, like a type of factory or somethin' you'd be an oil refinery... because the word 'Fine' is in it.
You're so sweet, there oughta be ants crawling all over ya.
Your daddy musta worked at Ikea because you are put together nice!
A headphones-wearing bison isn’t the only thing I’d like up against my wall.
Are you a fire extinguisher? Because I want to dance and break into the crown jewels with you.
Are you a train car in Sumatra? Because you are the bomb.
Are you frequenting cafes? Because you are smoking.
Are you Greg Lestrade? Because you look like a DI… A Dishy Individual.
Are you Helen Louise? Because I’m going to make you lose your mind.
Are you Mr. Summerson? Because I’d like to fondle your testicles.
Are you one of John’s jumpers? Because you look so cozy and unique.
Being without you hurts worse than reading Alone On the Water.
Being without you is worse than going to a matinee of Les Mis with my parents.
Can I touch your Belstaff?
Chicks dig scars, eh? Well, just call me Major Sholto.
Dieting is for Mycroft. Come on, you know you want a taste of me.
Do you want to see some More-iarty of me?
Don’t hate the dragon slayer. Hate the game.
Forget mind palaces… Wanna see my mind sex dungeon?
Forget the crime scene… The only body I want to be checking out is yours.
Hey girl, I deleted the solar system to make room for important things... like you.
I always hear ‘suck my face’ when you’re speaking, but it’s usually subtext.
I bet you can make me scream… and I don’t mean like Claudette Bruhl.
I calculate that there are thirteen possibilities once I invite you into my bedroom.
I don’t mind if you’re on your period… We’ll just call it an Urban Bloodlust Frenzy.
I don’t need Anderson’s Reichenbach theory to show you how hypnotizing I can be.
I fell for you harder than Rupert Graves in the gag reel.
I guess people can stop calling me The Ice Man, because you’ve melted my heart.
I heard you like a man in uniform, so I keep mine on even when it tries to kill me.
I heard you want the D… and I’m not talking about deductions.
I know Richard Brook was a lie, but I’d like to see you in handcuffs anyway.
I know you’re not some character from Lord of the Rings, because I honestly care what you think.
I love you more than Carl Powers loved his shoes.
I only have earbuds for you.
I see you frequent Speedy’s Cafe… You must like some Sherlock inside of you.
I think about Redbeard when I want to calm down, but I think about you when I want to get excited.
I think you’re 221-beautiful.
I think you’re cooler than the head in our fridge.
I want to have more meetings with you than Magnussen had with the prime minister.
I want to Lestraddle you.
I want you Anderneath me.
I want you wrapped around me more tightly than my purple shirt.
I wish I was Irene’s phone just so I could get into your cleavage.
I would disguise myself as a French waiter to stop you from proposing to someone else.
I would kick my parents out if you came over.
I would let you call me Myc.
I would love you even if you canonically did not exist yet.
I would love you even if you made post-mortem jokes about my hip.
I would love you even if you messed up my sock index.
I would murder a blackmailing newspaper proprietor for you.
I would never tell you to f-cough.
I would propose to you even if I didn’t need to break into your boss’s office.
I would punch the chief superintendent just because he called you a weirdo.
I would share my ‘herbal soothers’ with you.
I would solve a skip code and steal a motorcycle for you.
I would spend the night at your place even if it was a scuzz dump.
I would turn back your watch during your friend’s fake suicide just to spend more time with you.
I.O.U. a fall… into my bed.
I’d help you hunt down a hound even if I was on holiday.
I’d let a strange woman abduct me as long as she was taking me to you.
I’d let you stay in my bedroom even if you didn’t need the space.
I’d love to get mail from you, even if it was just an envelope full of bread crumbs.
I’d rather look at you than Sherlock’s crime scene photos.
I’d watch Glee for you.
I’ll be your goldfish if you’ll be my division.
I’ll walk your dog… Even if you don’t have one.
I’m a fan of yours— type B, that is.
I’m going to write you a love letter… I don’t have to prove it; I just have to print it.
I’m like Anderson’s beard… I’ll grow on you.
I’m not very good at expressing my feelings, so please understand what I mean when I say that my name is actually a girl’s name.
I’m not your housekeeper. The only thing of yours I want to keep is your love.
I’ve fallen for you more times than that American has fallen out of your window.
If I had only a minute and twenty-nine seconds left to live, I’d want to spend that time with you.
If I was looking for a friend in a drug den, I wouldn’t just be browsing— I’d be looking for you.
If you be my goldfish, I promise to keep you plenty wet.
If you got away from me, I’d be so upset, I’d start kicking a tire.
If you left me, I’d do anything to get you Reichen-back.
If you think Sherlock’s a freak, just wait until you see me in the bedroom.
If you think the wait in between seasons is long, just wait until you see my dick.
If you were my drug, I wouldn’t need a case to justify doing you.
If you’re Henry Knight, can I be your Henry Steed?
Is there a ball under my armpit, or did you just make my heart stop?
Is your meat dagger on Twitter? Because I’d like to get that on text alert.
It’s a bit rude that noise, isn’t it? Not that that’ll stop me from coaxing it out of you.
John Watson? More like John Hot-son.
Lestrade? More like Lust-rade.
Let’s adopt cats together… Hounds drive me crazy.
Let’s have a relationship that’s in a good place and very affirming.
Makeover queen? No, I’m the makeout queen.
May the problems of your future be my privilege?
Mrs. Hudson may have stolen my skull, but you have stolen my heart.
My anaconda don’t want none unless you got glow-in-the-dark buns, hun.
My anaconda don’t want none unless you got guns, hun.
My friendship isn’t the only thing that can give you warmth and constancy.
My last name may be Small, but my dick is huge.
My love for you burns like the A.G.R.A. flash drive.
My love for you is #NotDead.
My love for you is bigger than Henry Knight’s house.
My love for you isn’t like Lord Moran’s bomb— it doesn’t have an off switch.
My mustache isn’t the only thing I’d shave for you.
My text alert isn’t the only way you can hear me orgasm.
People are basically fond, but not as much as I am.
Redbeard isn’t the only one I’d like to be petting.
Solving crimes isn’t the only thing I have a vacancy for.
Stabbing isn’t the only thing I’d like to do to you in the shower.
The game is on… Will you play with me?
The thought of being without you scares me more than a Baskerville Hound.
theimprobableone will use capital letters before I stop loving you.
Wanna go have a drink on every street where we found a corpse?
Wanna go on a sex holiday with me?
Wanna know why my Belstaff coat is so long?
Wanna see my secret tattoo?
We think you’re smoking, and that’s not just because we pulled you out of a bonfire.
When I asked if you came for me, I didn’t just mean to the drug den.
When I said I’d get you off, I wasn’t just talking about the murder charge.
When you called me ‘nurse,’ were you really just making do, or were you trying to roleplay?
Whip me like one of your dead girls.
Why bother telling me what I should put on a t-shirt? It’s just going to end up on your floor in a moment anyway.
Why don’t you go ‘right the way down’ on me?
Why don’t you play Operation with me instead? You’ll never have to handle a broken heart.
Why have a meat dagger when you can have my D.I. Swagger?
Will you be the Robin to my Hat-Man?
Without you, my heart is as broken as Mrs. Hudson’s hip.
Without you, my heart is like the coin that Mary shot… There’s an empty hole in it.
Would you still love me even though you’re made of hair and I’m made of eyeliner?
You always feel love, but you don’t have to fear it.
You can imagine the Christmas dinners, but I’d much rather you be there to experience them yourself.
You could make me feel alive even if I were one of Molly’s cadavers.
You don’t have to say ‘Vatican Cameos’ to get me to go down.
You don’t need Connie Prince. You’re already the most beautiful thing in the world.
You give me life, and not just because Lazarus is go.
You make me blush so much, my face is the same color as Jennifer Wilson’s wardrobe.
You make me come to life like the Geek Interpreter’s comics.
You make me more out of breath than Mycroft on a treadmill.
You make me more speechless than John asking me to be his best man.
You make me wetter than a fireplace that’s just met Magnussen.
You put the ‘bae’ in Baker Street.
You should come home with me instead. Your wife is AGRA-vating.
You smell cleaner than Kenny Prince’s cat.
You’re hotter than The Dynamics of Combustion.
You’re so great, even my shirt is giving you thumbs up.
You’re the boomerang to my hiker… Throwing you away would kill me.
You’re the West to my Wood.
Your smile shines brighter than an inexplicable matchbox.
Don't be tardy for the party in my pants!
Double the bling, double the spray tan, double the pleasure!
God is my savior, my husband is my king, and my body? It's sinful.
I am very rich and let's go spend some money, honey. Bloop!
I don't say no very much, I say yes, yes, YES!
I fought too hard for this zip code to go home now.
I like my men like I like my shapewear: tight and spanky. Holla!
I shall show you the true meaning of the vanderPUMP
I wanna dress you in she by sheree and take you back to my chateau.
I'd flip a table to get to you, baby!
I'm a Vegas girl, wanna call my bluff?
I'm gone with the wind fabulous and you're about to get twirled, baby!
I'm hot from the ankles up, but I know how to get down.
I'm not a bitch but I can play one if that's your thing.
I'm not getting older, I'm just getting bolder in bed.
I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed but wait until you see me work it in bed.
If you like how I take off my let, wait until you see me take off my clothes!
If you think I'm sexy wait until you meet my hooker alter ego, Alana.
In my world money doesn't talk, it swears.
It's my turtle time! Show me your pinot and let's party!
Let's get drunk, swear a lot, make out, and tweet about it.
Let's plan a Dina party in your pants. Namaste, bitches!
Money can't buy you class but it can buy you a class with the countess.
My kids can speak 5 languages and I can orgasm in 6.
New York City is my playground and I'll climb you like a jungle gym.
Planes and yachts are nice, but your ass is even nicer.
Sexy life, loyal wife, take a page from my book.
Show me your jellybeans and I'll take you to kellyland.
The fastest way into my heart is with good grammar and a bottle of champs. Emphasis on the champs.
Treat me like a princess, and you might just get a chapter in my book.
Two things turn Shannon Beador on: Crystals and talking in the third person. Is that weird?
Wanna a taste of my cannoli?
Wanna escape to my witch mountains?
Wanna ring my southern belle and tickle my donkey booty?
Wanna see me on display?
Wanna see my woo-hoo?
Wanna sign up for classes at the bailey agency school of sextimes?
Wanna spend one long, hot, kandi-koated night with me?
Want to squeeze my lemons? I promise they're delicious.
You and I should get real close like a couple of Siamese cats.
You be the drink, and I'll be the straw that stirs you...
You mess with my family, you mess with me. Mess around with me, that's different. That's a good time.
You now what would be so hot? If I wrap you up in zarin fabrics and spend your money.
Are you a Grilled Cheesus? Because I think I'm seeing the face of god.
Are you a member of Adam's Apples? Because I like big butts and I can not lie
Are you from Vocal Adrenaline? Because your smile could cure cancer.
Bow ties and hair product: what wet dreams are made of
Girl, you got more curves than a Nissan.
Hey baby, the mohawk's for more than just style; grab on, let's go for a ride.
Hey, me. You're one fine example of sexy fierceness: Gi-Jane's face on Hillary Clinton's body.
Horizontal tango's for amateurs. Let's do the horizontal paso doble.
I know where the rain in Spain stays, girls...in your pants.
I like being told what to do.
I like you. You smell like unicorn poo. They eat butterflies and skittles.
I only date unicorns with long horns and boobs.
I will show you my twinkle tube.
I'll give you a private Broadway show
I'll show you another metaphor of my gold stars.
I'm a baritone so I can sing Marvin Gaye's “Let's Get It On” Like Dayum
I'm a brick house, sexy. I'm mighty, mighty; letting it all hang out.
I'm sex on a stick and sing like a dream. And you are?
It's all about teasing and not about pleasing.
Let me show you how we do it in Lima Heights
Let's get wanky.
My coif isn't the only thing that's gelled and ready to go.
OCD in the streets; Dirty in the sheets.
Person: Why are you closing the door?
Puck: So the chemistry doesn't get out.
Unlike in new directions, I'm always on top in the bedroom.
Wanna help me pose for some special pamphlet photos?
Wanna see my sexy faces?
What you need is my chocolate thunder.
You can ride me in my wheelchair any time.
You make me hit all the high notes
Do you happen to own a dalmatian costume?
Don't worry I'm unfiltered
For you I could go six seasons and a movie
Have you ever done it in a blanket fort?
I bet I could change your world
I could spend all night in your vents
I don't know what's considered 'Big'
I have the body of a 10 year old
I protest how hot you are
I was happily repressed until you came along.
I'll rock your plant like I did to Eartha kit
I'm awesome.
I'm cool cool cool and you're hot hot hot
I'm hilarious.
I'm streets ahead in bed
I've got spurs in my car let's go for a ride.
Is this the timeline where we bang?
Lamb of god in the streets freak in the sheets
Let's do what people do. Let's get a house we can't afford and a dog that makes us angry.
Let's get to know each other in the biblical sense
Let's role-playing. I love being told exactly what to do.
Let's take a nice long trip in your dreamatorium
POP POP!
Time to get dean and dirty.
Wanna sorking with me?
You're like ice cream cake. Your beauty is overkilling me.
You're like Meg Ryan in all her 80s movies
Your nipples are so normal-sized
A steering wheel in the shape of a boob.
Can we just take a moment to celebrate me?
Did you get my junk mail?
Hey girl, my cake is so moist for you.
Hey girl, why don't me and you go and try defy gravity together?
I am rugged, sematic prince!
I can make you feel really warm in your uterus.
I find douchebags strangely attractive. Just no white fanging.
I have some “junk” mail for you.
I just want to be slapped around!
I like being weird and taking my time!
I love mango chutney, really any type of chutney...
I may be dirty, but I play old.
I noticed you're a fan of Zooey Deschanel. Would you like to play my ukulele?
I'll tap you...like a maple tree.
I'm a model. I know how to pose in bed.
I'm a very good secretary
I'm gonna tap him like a maple tree.
I'm like a mailman, except instead of mail, it's hot sex that I deliver.
I'm like a marine in bed.
I'm like a sexual snowflake, you never know what you're going to get!
I'm looking at you looking at me being so naughty.
If you died, I'd be lost!
If you're looking for adorkable, look no more!
It's a weird life, but it's where I'm at right now.
It's like you're ripping the side block out of my mental Jenga.
It's the freakin' weekend.
Let me put my money in your douchebag jar.
Let's go home, put on kimonos, and hang loose.
Let's put on some drake and take this rendezvous home, girl.
My bottom is like a plant. It needs sun and air.
My curves will make you sing!
Officer, can I read you your rights? You have the right to remain hugged. And you have the right to remain sweet.
Open your cellar doors, and let us taste your jams.
The economy stinks, bees are dying, and movies are pretty much all sequels now.
We'll be celebrating Bangsgiving!
Well. I guess I can't hide my crazy.
When did one on one sex become old fashioned? Never!
Where did all that hair come from? You're a lioness!
Who's that girl (or boy)? It's you as my new main squeeze.
Yo girl. What yo name is?
You are hot hot hot!
You don't know it yet, but you're my boo.
You don't need to hire a plumber to take care of your plumbing. I got this.
You got hurt, that doesn't mean you stop trying.
You might give my nipples that purpose they've been looking for.
You're so cute, you might make me leave my cat Ferguson.
You're wild, but I'd never White Fang you.
YOUTHS!
Are you a Great War? Because you must leave men my age devastated.
Are you distantly related? If so, that's hot.
Are you from Tennessee? Because that would be a disappointment. Americans are brusque.
Are you quite well, my lady?
Are you wearing several layers of uncomfortable undergarments or are you always this hot?
At my age one must ration one's excitement
Footmen give good foot rubs.
Get those lumps...in my tea.
Hey girl, do my eyes deceive me or are those pants you're wearing?
Hey girl, let's start a revolution in your pants.
Hey lady, I feel no need to conform to the aristocratic custom of hiring a valet when I have you to undress me with your eyes.
I cannot find the words to say how I feel.
I have a really hot personality.
I just got a telephone give me your number and I'll call you once I figure this contraption out.
I know we're related, but at least you're not a dead Turk or Jordan Mormont.
I know you want some of this Yorkshire pudding.
I like to wear pants. I also like to take them off.
I run a tight ship in bed.
I spread socialism... not herpes.
I'd fancy being beneath you physically in addition to socially.
I'm a lamb in the streets but a freak in the sheets.
If being sexy was a crime, you'd be unfairly charged, put on death row, and saved at the last minute because I never gave up on you.
If you're turning American on me, I'll go downstairs.
Is that a mirror in your afternoon dress? Because I can see myself in it, much to the dismay of your noble family.
Let's conspire to bang.
Let's crumpet after dinner.
Let's do it. Then I'll remake the bed. Then we can do it again.
Let's watch Downton Abbey and pretend the rest of the world doesn't exist.
Might I be so bold as to say that I think your 'Downstairs' is quite 'Upstairs.'
No life appears rewarding if you think too much about it.
No man can regret loving as I have loved you
Pardon me, but I seem to lost my phone number. Can I have yours so my valet can hold on to it until I wish for him to call you on my behalf?
Seems a pity to miss such a good pudding
These blue eyes tell no lies. You're hot.
Was your father a baker due to the fact that he was not born into an aristocratic family and thus being a tradesman was his only viable career option? Because you've got nice buns.
We don't need any of this newfangled electricity to make sparks fly.
What is a weekend?
Why? Don't you want me?
You can dowager count-on-me.
You don't watch Downton Abbey? How middle class, dear.
You know what they say. The bigger the sense of honor the bigger the...
You just lie there and I, King Leonidas, will impale you with my spear.
I don't exactly know what I am required to say in order for you to have intercourse with me. But could we assume that I said all that. I mean essentially we are talking about fluid exchange right? So could we go just straight to the sex?
I find you attractive. Your aggressive moves toward me... indicate that you feel the same way. But still, ritual requires that we continue with a number of platonic activities...before we have sex. I am proceeding with these activities, but in point of actual fact, all I really want to do is have intercourse with you as soon as possible.
Marry me, and I'll never look at another horse.
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.
Fasten your seatbelts. It's going to be a bumpy night.
I don't know how to put this, but I'm kind of a big deal.
Let's hop on the good foot and do the bad thing.
They don't call me thumper for nothing!
I have crossed oceans of time to find you.
I don't think you're an idiot at all. I mean, there are elements of the ridiculous about you. Your mother's pretty interesting. And you really are an appallingly bad public speaker. And, um, you tend to let whatever's in your head come out of your mouth without much consideration of the consequences...but the thing is, um, what I'm trying to say, very inarticulately, is that, um, in fact, perhaps despite appearances, I like you, very much. Just as you are.
Here's looking at you, kid.
Was that cannon fire, or is it my heart pounding?
I don't bite, you know... unless it's called for
Do you have a cell phone I could use? Why? Someone has to call God and tell him that one of his angels is missing.
Someone has to call God and tell him that one of his angels is missing.
Hey, I would like to introduce my Crouching Tiger to your Hidden Dragon
Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary.
Nobody puts Baby in a corner.
Go ahead, make my day.
They say Disney world is the happiest place on earth, obviously they haven't been in your arms.
The difference between me and Django....This D ain't silent.
There's no reason we need to be shackled by the strictures of the employee-employer relationship. Unless you're into that sort of thing. In which case, I got some shackles in the back. I'm just kidding. But seriously, I've got 'em.
I hate to see you go, but I love to watch you leave.
Now put your clothes back on, and I'll buy you an ice cream
We're just like peas and carrots
Well, this is a very stupid question and, particularly in view of our recent shopping excursion, but I just wondered, by any chance, erm, er, I mean, obviously not because I guess I've only slept with nine people, b-but I just wondered, er, I really feel, um, in short, to recap it slightly in a clearer version, er, in the words of David Cassidy in fact, er - while he was still with the Partridge family, um, I think I love you, and, er, I just wondered if by any chance you wouldn't like to, er, er, no, no, no of course not... I'm an idiot, he's not...excellent, excellent, fantastic, um, I was going to say lovely to see you, sorry to disturb...better get on.
Hello, gorgeous.
I couldn't help but notice that you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Your husband told me you were the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen, but he didn't say anything about the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen.
We live in a cynical world. A cynical world. And we work in a business of tough competitors. I love you. You…complete me.
You're prettier than I am.
Is your name Ariel? Because I think we mermaid for each other!
Were you forged in the fires of Mount Doom? Because you're precious to me.
Boy: Are you the mother of Mary-Kate and Ashley Olson? Girl: No. Why? Boy: Because you sure got some good looking twins. (points to her boobs)
I see you're drinking 1%. Is that 'cause you think you're fat? 'Cause you're not. You could be drinking whole if you wanted to
You give me premature ventricular contractions... You make my heart skip a beat.
What if, uh, Mr. Thacker realized that he had been a daft p***k and got down on his knees and begged you to reconsider if you would...indeed...reconsider.
Listen to me, mister. You're my knight in shining armor. Don't you forget it. You're going to get back on that horse, and I'm going to be right behind you, holding on tight, and away we're gonna go, go, go!
If I had Jack Sparrow's compass, it'd be pointing at you.
I'll be your farm boy if you'll be my princess bride
Mind if I get drunk with you?
Your pussy is in more danger than a seal during Shark Week.
If I was a Jedi, would you be my force?
Roses are red Yoda is green, my lightsaber needs two hands if you know what I mean
Want to make my Dark Knight Rise?
Why don't we head to my bedroom, peel back my Star War sheets, and discover what a true Jedi can do with his light sabre?
Your mouth says 'Shields Up'. But your eyes say 'Hull breach imminent'
There's something I want to say that's always been very difficult for me to say. ‘I slit the sheet, the sheet I slit, and on the slitted sheet I sit.' There. I've never been relaxed enough around anyone to say that.
I am big! It's the pictures that got small.
Is your dad Liam Neeson? Because I'm Taken with you
You go curves like a racetrack, and tonight, I'm gonna be your Ricky Bobby.
I'm not Rapunzel, but I'll still let you pull my hair.
Is your name Rapunzel, cause I need a girl who never leaves the bedroom and constantly wants me to pull her hair.
Don't worship me till I've earned it.
Your hat has sequins.
Ya know, I used to live like Robinson Crusoe; I mean, shipwrecked among 8 million people. And then one day I saw a footprint in the sand, and there you were.
I'd like to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse.
Mrs. Robinson, you're trying to seduce me. Aren't you?
Ma'am, in the leopard print dress, you have an amazing rack.
You want to see my spaceship?
Is your name Katniss? Because you're starting an uprising in my district.
Here y'are, baby. Take this, wipe the lipstick off, slide over here next to me and let's get started.
Today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth.
How would you like to have a sexual experience so intense it could conceivably change your political views?
You know how they say we only use 10 percent of our brains, I think we only use 10 percent of our hearts.
God, you're a real live outlaw! I may be the outlaw, but you're the one stealing my heart.
You must be worthy, 'cause you can totally lift my hammer.
I'm the king of the world!
You remind me of my sketchbook, I wanna fill it up with drawings just like I wanna fill up your life with love!
You don't have to say anything... Oh, maybe just whistle. You know how to whistle, don't you?
Take me to bed or lose me forever
Hi, I'm Andy. Wanna play with my Woody?
Baby, If I was a transformer I'd be called Orgasmic Prime.
If you were a transformer. You'd be a hot-o-bot, and you'd be called optimus fine
If I win, I get to take you home. If you win, you can come home with me.
Are you stalking me? Because that would be super.
What color are your eyes? Um – they're blue. I'd like to invite you both to come with me to Oviedo. For the weekend. We leave in an hour.
You don't know how hard it is being a woman looking the way I do.
Call me Pooh. Because all I want is you honey!
How about we make out like Winnie-the-poo and I get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
How about me and you go play dress up, I'll be the knight in shining armor and you can be my noble steed, that way I get to ride you all day!'
Is this a heavy metal band cause girl i wanna ROCK with you!
Most pictures may be worth a thousand words, but a picture of you needs only one! Wow!
There's this movie I wanted to see and my mom said I couldn't go by myself.....
'Aati Kya Khandala?' - Aamir Khan from Ghulam
'Agar tum mujhe yun hi dekhti rahi ... to tumhe mujhse pyar ho jayega' – Salman Khan from Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam
'I wanna BB you, mail you, tweet you, skype you … aur agar tumne phir bhi jawaab nahi diya na … I’ll poke you' – Varun Dhawan from Main Tera Hero
'Kya aap believe karte hai love at first sight mein ... yah main dobaara ghoom ke aao?' – Saif Ali Khan from Cocktail
'Main tumhari aankhon mein apni mohabbat ka ikraar dekhna chahta hoon.' – Dilip Kumar from Mughal-e-Azam
'Mere saamne waali khidki mein ek chand ka tukda rahta hai' – Sunil Dutt from Padosan
'Rahul naam toh suna hoga' – Shah Rukh Khan from Dil Toh Pagal Hai
'Soocho, soocho...aur soochne ke liye main tumhe apni saari zindagi deta hoon' – Saif Ali Khan from Kal Ho Naa Ho
'Tu original piece hai, maloom hai na tujhe? Aisa dosara nahi hai' – Shahid Kapoor from Jab We Met
Aag joh dil mein lagi hai, usse duniya mein laga doonga main ... joh teri doli uthi, zamaane ko jalaa doonga main – Ajay Devgn from Diljale
I love you, girlfriend ban ja meri, tu aur main rock kar denge! - Ranbir Kapoor from Rockstar
Main tujhe bahut bahut bahut love karoonga aur tujhse dher sara love loonga ... bol degi love? - Ranveer Singh from Band Baaja Baaraat
Mere dost mujhe Majnu bulate hai - Farhan Akhtar from ZNMD
Mujhe yakeen hai ki mein sirf isliye janma hoon….ki tumse pyar kar sakun….tum sirf isliye, ki ek din meri ban jaao. - Aamir Khan from Dil Chahta Hai
Palat - Shah Rukh Khan from DDLJ
Pyar, mohabbat, aashiqui sirf lafzon ke sivah aur kuch nahi ... par jab woh mili ... in lafzon ko mainne mil gaye – Aditya Roy Kapoor from Aashiqui 2
Rowdy Rathore: 'RATHORE... Vikram Rathore... Naam sunte hi pichawade mein bhukamp aa gaya naa?'
Gangs of Wasseypur: 'Yaha kabootar bhi ek pankh se udta hai aur doosre se apna ijjat bachata hai'.
Kya Super Kool Hai Hum: 'Nahi nahi mera apna toh hai nahi hum log bhade pe le sakte hai na chota, bada jo bhi apki requirement ho.'
The Dirty Picture: 'Holi khelne ka shauk hai, par teri pichkari me dum nahi..!'
Dabangg: 'Hum tum mein itne ched karenge, ki confuse ho jaoge ke saans kahan se le aur paade kahan se'.
Once Upon A time in Mumbai: 'Jo apne maa ki izzat nahi karta mein unka baap banke aata hoon.'
Golmaal 3: 'Jo sheeshe ke ghar me rehte hain, woh basement mein kapde badalte hain.'
Bhagam Bhaag: 'Agar tum ladki ko izzat dogey, woh tumhe apni izzat degi'
Tum pehle bhi itni hi khoobsoorat thi ya... waqt ne kiya koi haseen sitam? – Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani
Mohabbat mein shartein nahi hoti ... toh afsoos bhi nahi hona chahiye – Mohabbatein
Aaj zindagi mei pehli baar tai nahi kar paa raha hoon ki kya de raha hoon aur kya le raha hoon – Dedh Isqhiya
Ishq mein sab bewajah hota hai – Ishqiya
Mard mein bahut dard pehda kar deti hai tumhari smile – Love Aaj Kal
Suraj itni jaldi nikal aaya ya yeh teri battisi ki roshni hain? – Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola
Bade bade deshon mein aaisi choti choti baatein...hoti rehti hai – Diwaale Dulhaniya Le Jaenge
Soocho, soocho...aur soochne ke liye main tumhe apni saari zindagi deta hoon – Kal Ho Naa Ho
Pyar bahut baar ho jaata hai ... lekin mohabbat sirf ek baar hoti hai – Dil Toh Paagal Hai
Pyar sooch samaj kar nahin kiya jaata ... bas ho jaata hai – Dil Chahta Hai
Are you a Gamemaker? 'Cause I feel like you're in control of my fate.
Are you a post-apocalyptic teenage tribute? Cause you look like you've got survival skills.
Are you a tribute? Because you've been running through my arena of death all day.
Are you Katniss Everdeen? Because you've got my district in an uprising.
Are you Peeta Mellark, cause your muffins are hot.
Can I see your RoseBush?
Cinna, must have been thinking of you, when he set Katniss on fire.
Girl is there a bloodbath in your cornucopia? If not I'd like to rush in.
Girl, I don't even need beer goggles to see your hotness.
Girl, you look like you were created by Cinna himself.
Girl, you're ON FIRE!
Hey girl, I can take a whipping.
Hey girl, I know how to handle my frosting.
Hey girl, you got sweet buns.
Hey sweetie, are you even old enough to be in this place? You don't look a day over 11.
Hi, I'm Haymitch. How 'bout you buy me a drink?
I advice you to take off your clothes.
I know I should be killing 12-year-olds while tending to my gaping flesh wound, but I had to stop by to tell you that you have absolutely beautiful eyes.
I know my way around a ot oven.
I really want to strike up a conversation, but my breath smells like blood.
I think I've been stung by a trackerjacker. (Why is That?) Cuz you look so good I must be hallucinating!
I would eat poison berries for you.
I would love to see you again - can I get your smoke signal?
I'll keep your arrow safe in my quiver
I'm a gamemaker but I won't play games with your heart.
I'm a professional take off your clothes.
I'm down to effie.
I'm hungry for your body.
I'm really into inter-district dating.
I'm sorry, I had to come over and get a better look at you - you really resemble a girl I once bludgeoned to death with a twig.
I’d eat poison berries for you.
I’m really into inter-District dating.
If I was a gamemaker I would give you a 12.
Is that a cannon in the distance or is it my heart beating for you?
Is your brother Peeta Mellark, cause you have a nice set of buns.
Is your dad President Snow? Because when you walked by, my privates snapped to attention
Is your name Katniss, cause I have something to shut that big mouth of yours!
Is your name Katniss? Because you're starting an uprising in my district.
Is your name Peeta, cause your buns look delicious.
Looks you are on the hunt. For me.
My arrows will go deep inside you.
My love for you is like my quiver of arrows. Endless.
My name is Peeta Mellark, and trust me when I say you have a nice set of buns.
That mockingjay dress would look great on my bedroom floor!
Wanna see my trident? It’ll totally rock your world.
We could fall in love... or I could kill you.
What are the odds of me being in your favor?
You itinerary says it's time to f**k.
You make snares? Cuz I'm all tangled up in your love.
You're more precious than a silver parachute.
A cyberman couldn't delete you from my heart.
Are you a Dalek? Cause you've been rolling through my mind all night.
Are you a Tardis? Cause when I look into your eyes I feel like I'm flying around the universe.
Are you an angel? Because I haven't blinked since I first saw your face.
Aren't you the one who's been saving my life for centuries? Never did learn your name.
Baby, you just gave me Torchwood.
Because life is short and you are hot.
Can I stick my fish fingers in your custard?
Care to see my beast below?
Come back to my place and you can call me The Master.
Come back to my place so we can have some wibbly wobbly timey wimey.
Did I mention it also travels in time?
Do you have any gallifreyan in you? Want some?
Every time I regenerate, my penis gets bigger.
Feezes are red. The Tardis is blue. Custard is sweet and so are you.
GERONIHO!!!!
Get in my Tardis. I'll take you to heaven.
Girl, your butt is cute like an Adipose baby.
Hello sweetie!
Hello. (Captain Jack Harkness)
Hey, girl. I have a thing for humans. And threesomes.
How would you fancy a face ride?
I couldn’t forget you even if you were a silence.
I did a scan for alien tech, and it told me you were out of this world
I hear you're Allon-easy.
I never know hwy. I only know who.
I think you’re fantastic!
I won't blink cause baby, you're a weeping angel.
I'd burn up a sun for you.
I'd like to be the one to open your Pandorica.
I'd like to take you out for texting and scones.
I'll make you as hard as a weeping angel.
I'm also the master...in bed.
I'm so drunk off your love, I'm Silurian.
I've never been to Uranus. Wanna change that?
I’d like the be the one to open your Pandorica.
I’d like to take you out for texting and scones.
I’ll make your towers sing.
I’m like a weeping angel, when you look at me I get hard as stone
I’m no Rory Williams, but I’d wait 2,000 years to see you again
I’m sorry, I think BOTH of my hearts just skipped a beat.
If I were a Cyberman, I’d give you an upgrade.
If I were The Doctor, would you be my companion?
INSEMINATE!!
Is that a sonic screwdriver in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is your name Tardis? Because I could ride you through time and space.
It must be raining up, cause you’ve got me over the moon.
Let me shout at your jammy dodger.
Let's get wibbly wobbly timely wimey bangidy wangidy sexity wexity...
Let's play cybermen. I'll let you upgrade me.
Look at your man. Now back at me. Now back at your man. Now back at me. Sadly, he isn't me.
My kidneys aren't right for me, but you are!
Ohhh...you just made my pandorica open.
Ood be crazy not to wanna tap this
Our future depends on one single moment of one impossible day. Could right here with you be that moment?
People call me the Doctor, but you can call me tonight.
PROCREATE!!
SEXTERMINATE!!
They call me Nine. Please be mine. You're so damn fine.
They call my penis The TARDIS. It’s bigger when it’s inside.
Wanna come back to my place? You can play Doctor Donna.
Wanna tickle my Tardis?
Well, if you wait around awhile, I might become your type.
Why don't you come back to my place so we can have some wibbly wobbly timey wimey?
With you and me together, there will be no silence in the library.
Would you let me be the one to open your Pandorica.
You give me Torchwood.
You have silenced me with your beauty.
You know what they say about Time Lords with long scarves...
You make my centurion stand at attention.
You must be a time lord, because you have two hearts...yours and mine.
You're dalektable.
You're so hot you've given me torchwood.
You've stolen both my hearts!
You’re Oodiful.
Your eyes shine brighter than the Gallifreyan suns.
Abnegations Rules aren’t the only thing that’s Stiff
Am I really talking to you, or is it all a simulation?
Are you a member of Abnegation? Because you're making me stiff.
Are you a transfer? Because I’d like to initiate something with you.
Are you Divergent because I want you to Diverge me
are you related to Uriah and Zeke? because i think youre pedRAD
Are you the first jumper? Because I’d catch you anytime.
Be brave, babe. Because I'm about to ask you out.
Can I shoot a muffin off your head?
Can I touch your TobiAss
Claustrophobia's one of my fears, but I'd be in a tight space with you any time.
Dauntless cake isn’t the only thing I’ll be Eaton tonight
Dauntless Initiation isn’t the only thing that’s hard.
Did you just eat some Amity bread or are you just happy to see me?
Even though my dad beat me, I’m only whipped for you.
Fear isn’t the only thing that wakes Tris up
Have we met beFour?
Hey are you from Erudite because I’d like to get to know you better.
How about a little FourPlay?
I almost always wish we were alone.
I am all 4 you.
I bet you taste better than Dauntless cake.
I have Four problems and you aren’t one.
I hope you're not from Erudite, cause when I'm around you, I'm an idiot.
I know a good way to shut a candor up.
I know it’s a bit candor… But lets fuck.
I like you so much I'd pass up a piece of Dauntless cake.
I may be Abnegation but I’m not plain everywhere
I may not be Erudite but my best subject is Chemistry
I may not have been the first jumper but I’ll be your first
I must be a Abnegation, because I will help you.
I thought I'd be Candor with you and tell you how much I like you.
I thought the Dauntless compound was your heart, so I fell in.
I will love you like Four loved Tris.
I'd choose you over my faction.
I'm not Dauntless, but I'm going to brave and tell you how beautiful you are.
I've got an aptitude for you.
I've got four problems, but you're not one.
I’d only go to your funeral if there was cake…
I’ll inject you with my serum
I’ll love you FourEver
I’m claustrophobic and thanks to you there’s a tight space in my pants.
I’m going to climb you like the ferris wheel
If I asked if you liked me, would you say yes? Or do I need to put you on truth serum?
If I was ranking initiates, you’d be on top
If I was ranking the initiates, you'd be on top.
If I’m being candor, I don’t want to be a DieVirgin
If the chasm was called 'love,' would you fall in it with me?
If the chasm was called ‘love,’ would you fall in it with me
If there was a love landscape, you'd be in mine.
Is intimacy in your fear landscape? Cause that would be a shame.
Is that a knife in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
It's Choosing Day, and I'm choosing you!
Leadership isn’t the only position I’ve been offered.
My Genetics might be damaged but my Genitals are pure. (Allegiant Specific)
My gun isn’t the only thing that’s loaded
My knife throwing is usually better, but I got distracted by you.
No, I didn't have any Amity bread. I'm just crazy for you.
The dauntless leaders can get in my mind, but only you can get in my pants
Wanna share a muffin with me?
Want me to help conquer your fears of intimacy?
Want to go to the HandCock building? Oops I mean Hancock…
We could be Factionless, and I would still love you.
Well at least I gave Will a shot (Sorry too soon)
Would you Erudate me?
You must be a Dauntless because you jumped into my heart.
You're hotter than the flames of Dauntless.
Your abs aren’t the only place there’s tension
Your pussy’s wetter than the bottom of the chasm.
Your smile shines brighter than Erudite headquarters.
(To a blonde) My brother may prefer brunettes, but I know blondes have more fun…
*Holds Stethoscope* Why don't you listen to your heart and go out with me?
Am I dead? Because I think I just met an angel.
Carlisle's very fast. If you know what I mean.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because with a face like that, you must be an angel.
Do not make us angry. You wouldn't like us when we're angry...or horny.
Do you want to play doctor?
Have you been drinking, or do I intoxicate you?
Have you ever wondered what started my scarf collection? Would you like to find out?
Hey baby, need a mechanic for that finely tuned body?
Hey, Darlin', do you want to see my battle scars?
Hi, I'm Edward. I can be the super hero or the bad guy.
Hi. The voices in my head just told me to come talk to you.
How are you feeling? Oh, wait, don't tell me … let me guess.
I can feel the love tonight … wanna share?
I can go from furry to naked in 1.3 seconds
I can inflict the most pain you've ever felt. Or pleasure. Take your pick.
I don't know anything about monsters. Except the one in my pants.
I give a whole new meaning to ‘Animal Attraction'
I have a private island. Wanna see it?
I have skin of a monster. A silky smooth monster.
I hear hell isn't bad if you get to keep an angel with you- could I take you with me?
I just got a vision of my future and you're in it.
I just imprinted on you.
I know exactly how you feel. Wanna know how I feel?
I love the way you smell. Everywhere.
I may be from Tennessee but you're the only ten I see!
I may be strong but I'm not strong enough to resist you.
I must really be dead, Angel, ‘cause this has to be heaven!
I only have red eyes for you.
I play the field. And it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I'd love to see how many houses we can smash.
I'll do whatever you want.
I'm a doctor, and yes I do take my lab coat home.
I'm an addict. Will you be my heroin?
I'm barely legal. Forever.
I've learned a lot over the centuries, but I'd give it all up for your smile.
I've never tasted human blood but I don't mind their other bodily fluids.
I'm an addict. Will you be my heroin?
If you don't, I'll jump off a cliff.
If you need a love doctor, I have a medical degree.
It's not my fault I fell in love. Your emotions are what tripped me.
Jacob's Pick Up Lines:
My name is Jasper…but you can call me Dr. Feelgood.
My sister can see the future. Let me give you a clue, it's Me + You.
My sister is psychic, and she had a vision of you giving me your number.
Once you go Jacob Black, you never go back.
Pardon me Miss. I…uhh..hello? Dang it! She fainted again. Why can't I stop dazzling people?
Riding Hood and I'll be the Big Bad Wolf.
Say it... out loud. Say it. You think I'm sexy.
So…did you ever hear the saying ‘everything's bigger in Texas'?
So…how do you feel about dogs?
The name is Cullen. Dr. Carlisle Cullen, but I like to be known as Dr. Love.
The only thing 'civil' about me is the war I fought in to get between your bedsheets.
These hands are skilled and trained to save lives. Would you like to find out what else they're good at?
Twins. Double the pleasure, double the fun.
Wanna be my monkey woman?
Wanna cuddle? I'll be your teddy bear.
Wanna play a game? You can be Little Red Riding Hood and I'll be the Big Bad Wolf.
Wanna see me crush a boulder?
Wanna see my reservation?
Will you be the mother of my puppies?
You can call me Dr. McSparkly.
You can show me anything, I am a doctor after all.
You know what they say, right? Once you go Black you never go back.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
You look imprintable…I mean uhh..impeccable in that outfit.
You seem a little tense. Would you like a chill pill or just a hit of me?
You're into cars? I make one heck of a jack.
You're no irritable grizzly but right now I'm eating you up.
You're really pretty when you sleep. I know this because I watched you last night through your window.
Your lips may say no, but your endorphins say yes.
'Littlefinger' is a misnomer. P.S. I won a lot of whores.
'Valhar Cunnilingus!'
Are Hodor's legs tired? Because he's been carrying you through my mind all day
Are you a servant of the Lord of Light, Rh'llor? Because I'm burning up around you.
Are you a slave to your clothes? Because I'd like to free you from them.
Are you a traitor to the crown? Because I can definitely see you giving head to my pike.
Are you a Warg? Because I bet you're an animal in the sheets.
Are you a White Walker? Because I want you to have my babies
Are you made of Dragon Glass? Because you're melting my heart.
Are you my direwolf? Because I can definitely see myself taking over your body.
Are you wildfire, cause I wanna stop drop and roll with you?
Are your clothes a slave? Because I'd like to free you of them.
Beauty is only skin deep; Hodor's cock goes much deeper.
Can my Direwolf watch?
Did it hurt... when you fell from the Moon Door?
Did you erupt from a fire witch's vagina? Because you're a total smokeshow.
Did you get sacrificed to the God of Fire? Because you're smoking!
Did You Know, my penis is made of Valyrian steel.
Did you sit on a lemon cake? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass!
Do you smith Valyrian steel? Because you just gave me one of the hardest swords in the land.
Ever been with a woman who can work a sword?
Girl, if you looked anymore like Emilia Clarke, I would be dragon my balls across your face.
Girl, my finger is the only little thing about me.
Have you taken a lifelong vow of celibacy or are you just playing hard to get?
Hey girl, wanna chill?
Hey girl, wanna flay?
Hey, wanna braid my hair?
Hey, you look just like my brother. I could get into that.
Hodor? Hodor.
I am no lady... Let us F**K.
I am the king, so if you don't go out with me, I'll kill your dad.
I don't need blood magic to raise your Dothraki king
I don't want to be a Queen, I want to be the Queen of your loins.
I heard you like Magic, well bend over and watch my dick disappear.
I like man who's unsullied.
I may be an Imp, but I never go limp.
I may be king in the north, but I want to be the king of your heart.
I want to have your shadowbabies.
I want you to stick me with the pointy end.
I would conquer the seven kingdoms for you.
I'd climb the entire wall just to get your digits, girl!
I'd give you the moon, not the moon door!
I'll do what queens do... I'll rule the bedroom.
I'll show you my Kama Sutra if you show me your Meereenese Knot.
I'll stick you with my pointy end.
I'm a ladykiller, not a kingslayer!
I'm Dothraki, I only know how to do it one way.
I'm fiercer than a direwolf in bed!
I'm Iron born, I take what's mine.
I've fallen harder for you than Bran Stark.
If only I were that Tyroshi pear brandy you are drinking, because then I would already be inside of you.
If we die, we'll die, but first we'll f**k.
If you come up north for me, I'll go down south for you.
Is it hot in here because of the long summer, or is it just you?
Is that milk of poppy in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.
It is a bit nippy. Shall we snuggle?
Let's do it on the wall.
Let's get Stark naked!
Looks don't matter, I'll just wrap you in my banner and fuck you for glory.
Maybe you can release my poison. I swear I won't have you whipped. (Well, probably a little)
My friends call me the Dancing Teacher, so let me dance you into the bedroom.
Oncea you've had a man who's taken the black, you never go back.
Screw hard and true, Jon Snow, or I'll come back and haunt ya.
Show me your dragon, I'll make it spit fire!
Someone should tell the Old Gods and the New Gods that heaven is missing an angel
The iron throne is mine by right. Will you be mine too?
The real 'Kingslayer' is in my pants.
They call me the hound. Wanna be my main bitch?
They call me the King of the North, but I'd go south for you.
Ty-win or Ty-lose, I'll still ty-love you!
Wanna see my golden rose?
Want to make love? I read about it in a book. A very old book in Master Aemon's library.
Want to see how sullied I am?
Want to see the red serpent in action?
Was our father a baker? Because you've got nice buns.
Who needs Milk of the poppy, when I can have you?
Winter isn't the only thing that's coming.
Winterfell, but I'll keep you up all night.
Would you like to see my sword? Its name is ice?
Yeah, I'm still a virgin. But I'm really good at spooning!
You look like my sister.
You must be my sister, because I'm extremely attracted to you.
You must be part halfwit, because the only thing you'll be screaming tonight is my name. And my name is Hodor.
You smell like trash from Flea Bottom, can I take you out?
Your body is so hot, it melts my face off.
A martini. Shaken, not stirred.
Are you doing anything on Saturday? Wait, I just checked--you're not.
Are you the CIA? Because I don't think the president gave you permission to torture me with those good looks.
Are you tired? Because you've been running through my chat log reviews all day.
Baby your Verizon line ain't the only thing I'm tryna tap
Bond: 'That gun, it looks more fitting for a woman.' Largo: 'You know much about guns, Mr. Bond?' Bond: 'No, but I know a little about women.'
Bond… James Bond.
Could you help me find my stationary?
Della Leiter: 'Oh, James, would you mind? Felix is still in the study and we've got to cut this cake.' James Bond: 'I'll do anything for a woman with a knife.'
Do you believe in love at first sight, or did I misunderstand your search history?
Domino: 'How do you know my friends call me Domino?' James Bond: 'It's on the bracelet on your ankle.' Domino: 'So . . . what sharp little eyes you've got.' James Bond: 'Wait till you get to my teeth.'
Eve: 'That was hardly my best shot.' James Bond: 'I'm not sure I could survive your best.' Eve: 'I doubt you'll get the chance.'
Fancy a shag? My other car is an Aston Martin. I have a huge apendege.
Female Receptionist: Could I interest you in something? James Bond: I'm tempted to say yes immediately but I think I'd maybe have a look around.
Girl, you must have fallen from heaven because there is no tracking data to indicate how you arrived at this location.
Good day darling, how would you liek to bond?
Helga Brandt: 'I've got you now.' James Bond: 'Well, enjoy yourself.'
Hello. Yes, I'm British.
Honey Ryder: Looking for shells?  James Bond: No. I'm just looking.
Hotel Receptionist: 'I have a message for you.' James Bond: 'I think you just delivered it.'
How do you kill 5 hours in Rio, if you don't samba?
I couldn't help but hear your phone conversation with your sister yesterday & I think I can be that kind of man for you!
I feel like I've known you since you got that cellphone for your 15th birthday.
I knew you'd be here.
I know exactly where you have been all my life.
I know exactly where you have been all my life.
I must complete the mission, but first, sex.
I think he got the point.
I will ALWAYS have my eyes on you, darling...! My love for you is unconstitutional.
I will be keeping an eye on your smile, and off your perfectly formed arse!
I'd tap that.
I'm incredibly rich. Here's a new iPhone 5 with my number in it. Call me sometime.
If I was James Bond's martini, how would you want me? Shaken or stirred?
James Bond: [James is in bed with a Ling, a Chinese woman] Why do Chinese girls taste different from all other girls? Ling: You think we better, huh? James Bond: No, just different. Like Peking Duck is different from Russian Caviar. But I love them both. Ling: Darling, I give you very best duck.
James Bond: 'I approve.' Goodnight: 'You do?' James Bond: 'Oh, not the wine, your frock. Tight in all the right places, not too many buttons.'
James Bond: 'I tend to notice little things like that — whether a girl is a blonde or a brunette.' Tiffany Case: 'Which do you prefer?' James Bond: 'Well, as long as the collar and cuffs match . . . '
James Bond: 'I think I'll call it a Vesper.' Vesper Lynd: 'Because of the bitter aftertaste?' James Bond: 'No, because once you've tasted it, that's all you want to drink.'
James Bond: 'I was wrong about you.' Dr. Christmas Jones: 'Yeah, how so?' James Bond: 'I thought Christmas only comes once a year.'
James Bond: 'I'll tell you at dinner.' Jill Masterson: 'Where?' James Bond: 'Oh, I know the best place in town.'
James Bond: 'I'm still not quite sure how good you are.' Jinx: 'I am so good.' James Bond: 'Especially when you're bad.'
James Bond: 'Well, my dear, I take it you spend quite a lot of time in the saddle.' Jenny Flex: 'Yes, I love an early morning ride.' James Bond: 'Well, I'm an early riser myself.'
James Bond: 'Well, Tracy, next time play it safe and stand on five.' Tracy: 'People who want to stay alive play it safe.' James Bond: 'Please, stay alive! At least for tonight.'
James Bond: “Now put your clothes back on, and I'll buy you an ice cream.”
James Bond: [After Dr. Holly Goodhead kisses him] 'What was that for?' Dr. Holly Goodhead: 'For saving my life.' James Bond: 'Remind me to do it more often!'
James Bond: [in bed with Christmas Jones] I was wrong about you. Dr. Christmas Jones: Yeah, how so? James Bond: I thought Christmas only comes once a year.
James Bond: [in the shower together] 'I like you better without your Beretta.' Sévérine: 'I feel naked without it.'
James Bond: I tend to notice little things like that - whether a girl is a blonde or a brunette... Tiffany Case: And which do you prefer? James Bond: Well, as long as the collars and cuffs match.
James Bond: Who are you?  Pussy Galore: My name is Pussy Galore.  James Bond: I must be dreaming
James Bond: You don't think I enjoyed what we did this evening, do you? What I did tonight was for King and country! You don't think it gave me any pleasure, do you?  Fiona Volpe: But of course, I forgot your ego, Mr. Bond. James Bond, who only has to make love to a woman and she starts to hear heavenly choirs singing. She repents and immediately turns to the side of right and virtue, but not this one. What a blow it must have been, you having a failure. James Bond: Well, you can't win them all.
James Bond: You're not my type. Girl: Why, cause I have half a brain? James Bond: No, cause you're single.
James Bond:[in bed with his Scandinavian language tutor] I always enjoyed learning a new tongue.
Just relax while we unzip your files.
Just relax while we unzip your files.
Log cabin girl: 'Oh James, I cannot find the words.' Bond: 'Well, let me try and enlarge your vocabulary.'
Major Anya Amasova: 'That it's very important to have a positive mental attitude.' James Bond: 'Nothing more practical than that?' Major Anya Amasova: 'Food is also very important.' James Bond: 'Mm hmm. What else?' Major Anya Amasova: 'When necessary, shared bodily warmth.' James Bond: 'That's the part I like.'
Marie: 'Is there something I can do for you?' James Bond: 'As a matter of fact, there is. There's something I'd like you to get off your chest.'
May Day, where have you been? I've been waiting for you . . . to take care of me, personally.
Mayday: Someone will take care of you. James Bond: Oh! You'll see to that personally, will you?
Miss Caruso: 'Such a delicate touch.' Bond: 'Sheer magnetism, darling.'
Miss Taro: 'What should I say to an invitation from a strange gentleman?' James Bond: 'You should say yes.'
Now put your clothes back on, and I'll buy you an ice cream.
Now put your clothes back on, and I'll buy you an ice cream.
Oh, the things I do for England.
Oh, the things I do for my country!
Plenty O'Toole: 'Hi, I'm Plenty.' James Bond: 'But of course you are.'
Roses are red, violets are blue, your pin number 6852.
Russian Lady Agent: 'But James, I need you!' Bond: 'So does England!'
Saida: 'Ah! I've lost my charm!' James Bond: 'Not from where I'm standing.'
Shocking. Positively shocking.
Silva: 'There's a first time for everything — eh, Mr. Bond?' James Bond: 'What makes you think it's my first time?'
Sir Donald Munger: 'Tell me, Commander, how far does your expertise extend into the field of diamonds?' James Bond: 'Well, hardest substance found in nature, they cut glass, suggest marriages, I suppose it replaced the dog as the girl's best friend. That's about it.'
Solitaire: 'Is there time before we leave for lesson number three?' James Bond: 'Of course. There's no sense going out half-cocked.'
Solitaire: 'James, what are you doing?' James Bond: 'Just testing an old adage: 'Unlucky at cards . . . ''
Strawberry Fields: 'If you attempt to flee, I will arrest you, drop you off at the jail, and take you to the plane in chains, understand?' James Bond: 'Perfectly. After you.' Mathis: 'I think she has handcuffs.' James Bond: 'I hope so.'
Take a giant step for mankind.
Tatiana Romanova: I think my mouth is too big!  James Bond: It's just the right size... for me, that is.
Tell me, Miss Trench, do you play any other games?
That's quite a nice little nothing you're almost wearing. I approve.
The CIA is trying to steal my penis... I need to find a place to hide it.
The names Will. God's will.
Then how about a nightcap on the company? My company.
Vesper Lynd: 'I can't resist waking you. Every time I do, you look at me as if you hadn't seen me in years. Makes me feel reborn.' James Bond: 'If you had just been born, wouldn't you be naked?'
Vesper Lynd: 'If the only thing left of you was your smile and your little finger, you'd still be more of a man than anyone I've ever known.' James Bond: 'That's because you know what I can do with my little finger . . . '
Wai-Lin: 'They're looking for us, James.' James Bond: 'Let's stay under cover.'
We understand you so much better than the guy you're with now.
Well, I'm afraid you've caught me with more than my hands up
What's a nice girl like you doing at the corner of 5th and Guadalupe avenue at 8:37pm?
Whatever I am...Whatever is left of me, I'm yours.
When one is in Egypt, one should delve deeply into its treasures.
Would you...be interested in a night cap
Xenia Onatopp: 'You don't need the gun, Commander.' James Bond: 'Well, that depends on your definition of safe sex.'
You come here often.
You didn't think I'd miss this performance, did you?
You don't think I enjoyed what we did this evening, do you? What I did tonight was for Queen and country!
You look way prettier in person than through your webcam.
You're a woman of many parts, Pussy!
You're free Friday. Would you like to have dinner?
A wizard is never premature. He finishes precisely when he means to.
Are you an orc? Because you’re making my Sting glow.
Are you Gandalf? Because you have me seeing fireworks.
Are you the Ring? 'Cause I've got my eye on you.
Baby, I'll make you scream like the Nazgul.
Beard can be red; A blade can glow blue; There is only one precious, and that must be you.
Boy, you’re glowing. Are there Orcs nearby or are you just happy to see me?
Dammit, Elrond got caught looking up Orc porn again.
Did it hurt when you fell from the Timeless Halls?
Elen sila lumenn’ omentielvo. (“A star shines on the hour of our meeting”)
Every teenage hobbit girl has been to Fuckleberry Ferry a few times.
Excuse me, but are you Arwen? You are so beautiful that I think I have entered a dream.
Gimli a piece of that!
Girl, you're like a Balrog - smokin' hot!
Girl, you’re glowing. Are there orcs nearby or are you just glad to see me?
Hey baby, wanna blow my Horn of Gondor?
I am no man.
I can lighten your burden
I don’t know you half as well as I should like, but I like all of what I see.
I erupt like Mount Doom for you, baby!
I gave her my sword. And my bow. And my axe.
I last longer than Boromir.
I love you more than Sauron loves power.
I may be a fool. But I'm a fool in love with you.
I may look really short, but that’s only CGI.
I must be the ring and you must be Bilbo, because you’ve got me wrapped around your finger.
I wanna go inside your hobbit hole.
I want you in my hobbit hole.
I would rather share one lifetime with you than face al lthe ages of this world alone.
I'd like to have an Inn at your prancing pony.
I'll put a ring on it!
I'll take your Hobbit to my Isengard.
I’d love to climb your Lonely Mountain.
I’ll have you for second-breakfast.
I’ll take you there and back again.
I’m like Beorn — half man, half bear. Guess which part is bear?
I’ve got a feeling you’re about to become my Precious.
Is your name Smaug? Because you look like you have loads of treasure in your cave.
It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations — so here’s what I’m doing later.
Just wait until sunset — that’s when I’m going to open your secret door.
Love is never late, nor is it early. It arrives precisely when it means to.
My blade is never broken.
My elf eyes only see you.
My feet are bigger than Bilbo’s… and you know what they say about big feet.
My love is like Lembas bread, one taste to get your fill.
My staff is even bigger than Gandalf’s.
No, that's not an oliphaunt in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
Sauron’s gonna be after me because he knows I’ve found the one.
Say girl, looks like meats back on the menu.
So you're over 1,000 years old? I LOVE older women.
That aromatic scent is my manflesh.
The fires of Mount Doom aren't nearly as hot as you are.
There are no words in Elvish, Entish, or the tongues of men to express how much I love you.
This is no trinket I carry.
TREE?! I am no tree. I am your future.
Us Hobbits can bring you 'there and back again' over and over and over again.
Want to come back to my place and smoke a little Longbottom leaf?
Watch out, girl. I’m about to rescue you from Lonely Mountain.
Were you born from Smaug’s mouth? Because you came out hot.
Were you forged by Sauron? Because you look precious.
What do you like for second breakfast?
What do you say we go back to my place an light the beacons of Gondor?
Will you be my precciiiiioouuuusss?
You don’t know even it yet, but you’ve just found the One. Now let me get in your pocket.
You know what they say about big feet..
You must be a Ring of Power, 'cause I want to keep you!
YOU SHALL NOT PASS, until you give me your number.
You wake something Tookish up in me.
Your beauty has pierced my heart like a Morgul Blade.
Your salted pork is particularly lovely
(Point at your chest/heart) It's a port-key. Once you touch it, it'll take you somewhere you ain't never been before.
(Point your wand at girls crotch and say).... Alohamora!
Are you interested in making some magic together? My wand is at the ready.
Are you using the Confundus charm on me or are you just naturally mind blowing?
Baby, are you the Nimbus 2000 cause your sweeping me off my feet!
Baby, you don't need defense against my dark arts.
Being without you is like being afflicted with the Cruciatus Curse.
Can I Slytherin your Ravenclaw or would you rather Hufflepuff my Gryffindor?
Come here, I'll show you a REAL Patronus.
Come on, let's do it Hippogriff style!
Did you just say 'Wingardium Leviosa'? Cause you've got me rising, baby.
Did you just use the stupify charm or are you a natural stunner?
Did you survive Avada Kedavra? 'Cause you're drop dead gorgeous.
Do me, I'm Harry Fucking Potter.
Do you like Harry Potter? Because I a-Dumbledore you!
Do you want to head to the Shrieking Shack? We could do some shrieking of our own.
Even though I am in Gryffindor, every time I see you something in my pants is Slytherin!
Forget the train honey, just hop on my platform 9 and 3 quarters
Girl, are you sure you're a muggle cause I'd swear that ass is magical!
Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?
Hagrid's not the only giant on campus, if you know what I mean.
Have you been using Accio? Cuz I've been coming to you every night
Have you been using the Petrificus Totalus spell? Because you've made me stiff.
Have you heard of Platform 9 and 3/4? Well, I can think of something else with the exact same measurements.
Hermoine your boobs look very heavy... can I hold them for you?
Hermoine, I want to wear you like a pair of sun glasses, one leg over each ear.
Hey, baby; I must be in the Room of Requirement, because I require YOU!
I am a seeker, are you my golden snitch?
I can be anything you want me to be... I've got enough Polyjuice for the whole night!
I could make you scream louder than a mandrake!
I don't have a broom, can I ride yours?
I don't need accio, to make you come!
I don't need aguamenti to make you wet!
I don't need the Mirror of Erised to know that you're everything I desire.
I heard you were in Gryffin-whore, because you let every wizard slyther-in.
I heard you're a Gryffinwhore (Why?) Because you let every wizard Slytherin!
I know we're not in Professor Flitwick's class, but you still are charming.
I may be a muggle, but the things I can do in bed are magical!
I may not be Harry Potter, but I can be your chosen one.
I may not be the boy who lived, but I can still be your chosen one.
I may not speak parseltongue but if you let me Slytherin to your bed I can show you what my tongue can really do!
I must have had some Felix Felicis, because I think I'm about to get lucky.
I use to go to the Astronomy Tower to see stars, but now I can just look into your eyes!
I wanna be your Dumblewhore.
I wanna open you wide like a book in the restricted section!
I wanna stick my 'Sorcerer's Stone' in your 'Chamber of Secrets' and release 'The Prisoner of Azkaban' into your 'Goblet of Fire' giving the 'Order of the Phoenix' making my 'Half Blood Prince' rise and give you the 'Deathly Hallows'
I wanna stick my half-blood prince inside your chamber of secrets, and release the prisoner of azkaban to give you the deathly hallows.
I was the one who gave Moaning Myrtle her nickname!
I would take a marauders map just to stare at you all night!
I'd let you handle my wand any day!
I'd like to get my basilisk into your chamber of secrets.
I'll remember to protect my wand when entering your chamber of secrets!
I'm just like Oliver Wood, baby. I'm a keeper!
I'm like devils snare. It only gets more painful if you struggle!
I'm not wearing an invisibility cloak, but do you think I could still visit your restricted section tonight?
I've been whomping my willow thinking about you.
I've got two Bertie Bott's beans and a wand, wanna taste?
If I opened my Gryffindor would you Slytherin?
If i were a sorting hat, I'd put you in my house!
If I were to look into the Mirror of Erised, I'd see the two of us together.
If you were a Dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss.
Interested in making some magic together? My wand is at the ready.
Is that a wand in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is your name Felix Felicis? Cause you're about to get lucky!
Just the thought of your wand makes me spill my potion!
Let me Slytherin your Griffendoor.
Let's have a Tri-Wizard tournament Protect your 'wand' from 'hogwarts' when you enter the 'chamber of secrets'
Let's have some fun this match is sick, I want to take a ride on you Quidditch stick!
Lets practice Alohomora...you can be the door so I can slam you all I want!
Mind if I Weasley my way into your pants?
My house is called the Shrieking Shack for a reason. I'll show you tonight.
My love for you burns like a dying phoenix.
My name might not be Luna, but I sure can Lovegood.
My vagina is a horcrux, will you destroy it?
My wand has chosen you!
My wand? 12 inches, unyielding.....
Once you go black you siriusly dont go back!
One night with me and they'll be calling you MOANING Myrtle.
Save a broom; ride a Quidditch player
Screw Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff and Slytherin, the only house I wanna be in is yours
Speak Parseltongue to me and I'll let my snake out!
Together we could really make the 'Shrieking Shack' worthy of its name.
Wanna explore my chamber of secrets?
Wanna make me moan like Myrtle? .,
Want to learn to speak troll? Don't worry I can get you grunting in no time.
We may not be in professor flitwick's class, but you sure are charming!
Whaddya say you and me go look for the Room of Requirement?
Without you I feel like I'm in Azkaban and dementors are sucking away my soul.
Would you like to whomp my willow?
Wow, when I said 'Accio hottie', I didn't expect it to work!
Yeah, girls call me Aguamenti? Every time they hear my name they get wet.
You are like a bottle of Skele-Gro: You're growing me a bone.
You can have the portkey to my heart.
You don't even have to say 'Luminos Maxima' to turn me on!
You don't need to say 'Incendio' to light my fire
You have two choices tonight, come with me and you'll see love spells. Go with him and you'll see Hog-WARTS!
You make my Huffle puff.
You must be magical, because I've fallen under your spell.
You must be my horcrux, because you complete me.
You must be really good at Transfiguration! (Why?) Because you've changed my life.
You must have given me some Skelegrow, 'cause my bone is really growing right now.
You're so hot, Aguamenti couldn't put you out!
Your kiss is like a dementor's........It takes my soul away!
Your name must be Severus Severus, because you're making my prince full blood.
Your smile's like expelliarmus: simple but disarming.
You know what really sucks? I have crabs, it's A Bug's Life.
Aladdin a pastry as well.
Can I get into your cave of wonders?
Do you trust me?
Forget Aladdin, I'm thinking bout Jasmine's carpet.
Have you ever tried anal, it's A Whole New World.
Hey Aladdin, is that a lamp in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Hey Jasmine, Does the magic carpet match the drapes?
One night with me, and I'll show you a whole new world.
Wanna rub my lamp?
Want to go for a wild ride baby? I'm a bottom.
What the hell is that smell? did you Jafar?
Whether Jafar or Ja-Close I'll always be yours.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
Damn Girl you got me twitterpated.
Hey Beauty, can I introduce you to my Beast?
I'd like to take a trip to your forbidden west wing.
I'm a beast in the sheets.
It's like Beauty and the Beast. I'm the Beauty you are the Beast.
There's definitely something down there that wasn't there before if you know what I mean.
I must be Lighting McQueen, 'cause you've got my heart racing.
Don't worry, Cinderella. I'll get you home before the clock strikes 12.
Hey Cinderella let's see if this fits!
Hey, Cinderella. Call me midnight 'cause when I come around I'll make your dress disappear.
I’ll bippity bop you, girl.
You must be Cinderella, because I see that dress disappearing by midnight.
You must be Cinderella, because I see that dress disappearing by midnight.
You said you were looking for the girl with the glass slipper but baby boy I can be your Cinderella ella ella eh eh.
You're my Cinderella ella
Hey girl. Wanna see how many wonders one cavern can hold?
Your castle or mine?
I don’t need to take you on the Tower of Terror to get you screaming.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Do you remember my name? You Don't? You Dumbo.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo. You better find me.
My penis is more of a Finding Nemo situation.
You can call me Nemo, because I'm gonna 'touch the butt'
Do you wanna get Goofy?
Aye Mary - youze Poppin'.
You don't need a spoonful of sugar to make me go down.
Hey my name's Mickey and there's nothing Minnie about me.
My name is Mickey and there is nothing Minnie about me.
Let's just say my bed is covered in Monsters Inc.
My name isn't Sully, but you can still be my Boo.
I can hit it so hard it'll make your ancestors dizzy.
I like a woman who speaks her mind & can handle a long sword.
I can make any fairy moan... All I need to do is Tink'er'bell.
Say it with me I do believe in condoms. I do I do!
Is that Pinocchio in there? No, just a boner.
Let’s play Pinocchio. You sit on my face and I’ll tell you lies.
Sit on my face and ask me to lie... What? You've never been Pinocchio'd?
You know what they say about men with big noses.
I'd really like to Poke-her-hontas.
Saw you sleeping on the ground like Pocahontas
What is around your riverbend?
Am I a beast? ‘Cause you're definitely a beauty.
I'll make you want to spend more time in bed with me than Sleeping, Beauty.
Sleeping Beauty.
You're wicked hot.
Hi Ho.
I'm the eighth dwarf, Sexy.
Short guys get me all flustered.
What is this, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
You have really nice eyes. You remind me of Quasimodo.
If you asked me if I could show you my bare necessities, I'd tell you I shere khan.
Oh, Oobee Doo, I wanna be with you. I wanna walk with you, talk with you, it's true.
Can I Hakuna your ma-tatas?
Can you feel the love tonight?
I lie because they used to call me the Lion King
I'd dress in drag and do the hula for you.
You are part of the circle of my life.
You must be Pumbaa 'cause baby - I've got no worries.
I have a small penis. It used to be called The Little Mermaid.
My name is Sebastian but I don't have crabs.
Sha-la-la-la-la-la don't be scared, you got the moves prepared, you want to kiss me, girl.
Things are much better down where it's wetter.
Honestly, I just want to get the Sword In The Stone
Give me a Woody and I'll make you Buzz for light years.
Hi, I'm Andy. Wanna play with my Woody?
I can take you to infinity and beyond.
I use and own butt plugs, now tell me about your Toy Story
Let's go... let's go to Infinity & Beyond.
There's snake in my pants!
You've got a friend in me. Friends with benefits that is.
You've got a friend with benefits in me.
I just saw our whole lives flash before my eyes in 10 minutes. We are destined to be together.
Up! Up! Up!
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Call me Pooh, because all I want is you, honey.
When I get sad, I stop being sad.. and I be awesome instead. True Story.
This.. what you're doing here - is giving me a de-rection
I feel like I've done so much good I have a 'soul boner'
Barney alllllwaaaysss gets the yes!
I physically cannot take bad pictures. I don't know why. Just ask god.
I'm Barney, I don't get smitten. I smite.
With great penis comes great responsibility
Believe it or not, I wasn't always as awesome as I am today.
Barney is single... it's what America has been clamoring for!
You're the mini-cherry on top of the regular cherry on top of the sundae of awesomeness that is my life.
It's gonna be legend-... wait for it... (and I hope you're not lactose intolerant because the second half of that word is) DAIRY!
Suit up!
Daddy's home!
Have you met [name]?
Duck, duck, gross
High-five
What do I do for a living? ....Please
Legen...wait for it...
Your body is a wonderland and I want to be Alice.
POOF! I'm here, where are your other two wishes?
I'd like to plant you and grow a whole field of yall.
Girl, you have got to be tired because you have been running through my mind ALL DAY.
Are your pants made out of a bunch of tiny pictures, because I can definitely see myself in them.
What do you say we go out to dinner, have some chicken... maybe some sex?
Dude, lots of chicks think that architects are hot. Think about that, you create something out of nothing. You're like God. There is no one hotter than God.
You know what I love about Halloween? It's the one night of the year chicks use to unleash their inner ho-bag.
The only reason to wait a month for sex is if she's 17 years, 11 months old.
That was the night I was born. I rose like a phoenix from her mentholated bosom and strode into the world, Armani-clad and fully awesome.
Okay, pep talk! You can do this, but to be more accurate, you probably can't. You're way out of practice and she's way too hot for you. So, remember, it's not about scoring. It's about believing you can do it, even though you probably can't. Go get ‘em, tiger!
It's gonna be legend…wait for it…and I hope you're not lactose intolerant because the second half of that word is DAIRY
I've done so much good today, I've got like a soul boner
A week? That's like a year in hot girl time.
There are only two reasons to date a girl you've already dated: breast implants.
Open your brain tank, bro, 'cause here comes some premium 91-octane knowledge. There's three rules of cheating: 1. It's not cheating if you're not the one who's married. 2. It's not cheating if her name has two adjacent vowels. 3. And it's not cheating if she's from a different area code. You're fine on all three counts.
Remember, it’s not about scoring. It’s about believing you can do it, even though you probably can’t.
To succeed you have to stop being ordinary and be legen - wait for it -dary!
Have you heard of platform 9 and ¾? Well, I can think of something else with the exact same measurements...
If you were a dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss.
My name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood!
I know we're not in professor Flitwick's class, but you still are charming.
Hagrid's not the only giant on campus, if you know what I mean.
I must have had some felix felicis. Because I think I'm about to get lucky.
Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?
You are like a bottle of skele-gro: you're growing me a bone.
Have you been using the petrificus totalus spell? Because you've made me stiff.
Whaddya say you and me go look for the room of requirement?
Hey Ladies. Call Barney Stinson. 1-917-555-0199
There is no time to explain how I got bit there, I just need someone to suck the poison out.
Think of me like yoda, but instead of being little and green, I wear suits and I'm awesome. I'm your bro- I'm Broda!
When I let a day go by without talking to you, that day's just no good.
I'm sorry it's taken me this long to figure it out, but I promise I'm done making a fool of myself.
There are so many things to do with the human mouth. Why waste it on talking?
God, it's me, Barney. What's up? I know we don't talk much, but I know a lot of girls call out your name because of me.
Wanna see my Hard Drive? I promise it's not small or floppy.
760 degrees celsius. The approximate temperature of the young lady in the front row.
Are you a 90 degree angele? Because you looking right.
Are you exothermic reaction? Because you're making me hot.
Are you Full of Beryllium, Gold and Titanium? Because you are BE-AU-TI-FULL!
Are you less than 90 degrees, because you're acute girl.
Are you the square root of -1? Because you cannot be real.
Baby you must be made of mica rock, because you have a perfect cleavage.
Baby you turn my floppy disk into a hard drive.
Baby, are you a motherboard? Cause I'd 'Ram' you all night long.
Baby, you must be a neuron, because you've got some action potentional.
Can I be your enzyme? Because my active site is dying for a chemical reaction.
Come back to my lab and I'll show you that the Big Bang isn't just a theory.
Do you like motorcycles? 'Cause I ride a hog.
Does your v-card have a code? Because I will hack it.
Girl, your name must be phylum, because you are above class.
Group hug!
Haven't you ever been told how beautiful you are in flawless Russian?
Hello, I'm Sanjay Wolowitz from Bombay.
Hey girl, are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you are CuTe.
Hey girl, do you love water? That means you love 80% of me.
Hey girl, I wish I were SIN^2 and you were COS^2, so together we would be 1.
I wish I was adenine, so I could get paired with U.
I wish I was DNA helicase that way I could unzip your genes.
I wish I was your derivative, so I could like tangent to your curves.
I wish I was your differential equation homework, because then I'd be really hard and you'd be doing me on your desk.
I wish I was your homework, because I would be hard and you would do me all the time.
I'm like PI baby. I'm really long, and I go on forever.
I'm sure Max Planck would approve of your hot body.
If I could make any compound, I'd make Uranium Iodide, so I could put U and I together.
If I was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me - rough or smooth?
If I was an operating system, your process would be realtime priority.
If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
It's a big deal. There's an awards banquet and a dance afterward. Perhaps you'd like to come with me? I know the other fellas would be really excited to see a girl there.
it's not the length of the vector that counts, it's how you apply the force.
My hypothalamus must be secreting serotonin because I want you!
Nobody ever expects me. Sometimes you just look and BAM!
On a scale from 0001 to 1010, you're an 1011
On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight?
Tell the square root of negative one to multiple by itself, because shit just got real.
The universe must revolve around you, because your gavitational forces are banging.
There is no cache, let's just go straight to the hard drive.
Well, if you like space stuff, I design components for the International Space Station. Which is in space. Where, I'm sure you know, no one can hear you scream.
What do you say we go back to my room and do some math? Add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply.
Whenever I'm near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration, because you take my breath away.
Why don't we go back to my place so I can show you the exponential growth of my natural log?
Yeah, well my people invented circumcision. You're welcome.
You give me epsilon, I'll give you Delta. Together we can find limits.
You have 206 bones in your body, wanna have 207?
You must be square root of 2, because I feel irrational around you.
You must be the square root of -1, because you can't be real.
You must be the square root of two, because I feel irrational around you.
You turn my software into hardware.
You're a photo quanta to my valence electron - you excite me to another level.
You're hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
You're so hot you denature my proteins.
Your bosons - they give me a hadron.
Your mouth says, 'shields up!' But your eyes say, 'a hull breach is imminent.'
Are those real or were you from the future?
Are you a terminator? Because your looks is killer.
Are you an iridium nuclear-energy cell/ hydrogen fuel cell? Because I can't live without you.
Are you Cameron Phillips? Because you are way too sexy to be a cyborg.
Being part of The Resistance does not mean saying “NO” to me.
Come with me if you want to bang.
Come with me if you want to live.
Didn’t I see you on Facebook before all this happened? It’s funny that we would meet here like this. It must be fate.
Didn’t you say “If I was the last man on earth”? Looks like we’re getting pretty close.
Girl you are so fine! I wouldn’t even care if you were a Terminator. You could kill me with those sexy red eyes.
Hasta la vista, baby.
I came across time for you, Sarah. I love you; I always have.
I love you even before I was born.
I might be a terminator, but I have a human heart.
I might be a terminator, but I have all the important human parts.
I need your clothes, your boots and your motorcycle.
I want to see you as how terminator arrived from time travel.
I will travel back in time for you even if I have to risk my life.
I would reshape the future by changing the past, so we will be together.
I'm a cybernetic orgasm. Living tissue over metal Bellend-oskeleton
I’ll be back.
If you don’t go out with me, I’ll tell the machines where you are hiding. Just kidding…………….maybe.
In the few hours we had together we loved a lifetime’s worth.
Is that a shotgun in your pocket or you are happy to see me?
Let's play pretend. You will be John Conner and I will be T-1000. I will chase you forever unless you melted my heart.
Most guys would say see you later, but the chances of me seeing you again are very slim so let’s get married.
My mission is to protect you.
My X-ray vision tells me that you've been working out.
They say nice guys finish last. With most of our population gone, it’s about a nine person race. What do I get for finishing fourth?
This may sound like a pick up line, but you might die without me. Literally!
Trust me. No one will died.
Wanna see the real reason they call me the Terminator?
We owe it to our loved ones to re-populate the earth. Think about our future before you say no.
You are the prettiest girl I’ve seen in a long time. Seriously, I haven’t seen another person in months.
You know I am made of 'mimetic polyalloy' which means I can deform and take any shape you want me to.
You must be a advanced model cyborg with mimetic polyalloy, because you can pass for human.
Your clothes…give them to me.10 bucks if you can find which part of my body is the warmest.
After the hurricane they expect serious looting, but you already stole my heart.
Agent Kay: When you get sad, it rains.
Laura: Lots of people get sad when it rains.
Agent Kay: It rains because you're sad, baby.
(Men in Black II)
Are you a meteorologist? because i need something to talk about to keep myself distracted from your body, but all i can think of is weather.
Are you a meteorologist? I bet you got experience in everything from the ground up.
Are you a weeping angel?
Are you having a good summer? Because you’re hot.
Are you passed out on the sidewalk or are you my snow angel?
Are you related to the sun?...Because running into you just brightened up my day!
Are you sitting on a candle? Because your booty is on fire.
Baby, make sure you've got enough sandbags, because the storm isn't the only one that's going to be flooding your basement.
Baby, the connection I'm feeling is stronger than the link between climate change and extreme weather
Baby, you're so hot I only need four layers.
Be careful I’ve been known to cause a flash flood watch in your lower elevations.
Black ice isn't the only thing I'm falling for.
Break out the AWIPS and chains.
Can I advect your vortex?
Can I calibrate your instrument?
Can I hiber-mate with you.
Can I lift your index?
Can I make your jet stream?
Can I see your tan lines?
Can I see your weather balloons?
Can I TK your WXP?
Can you help me with my organic sunscreen, it’s a little hard to smear in.
Can you hold my gloves for a second? I usually warm them by the fireplace, but you are way hotter.
Class might be canceled, but that ass of yours don't quit.
Damn girl, is your name Irene? Because you look like you're good at blowing.
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Do I have a fever? Because you are giving me chills.
Do I have pneumonia? Because you're giving me chills.
Do I make you saturated?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Do you hear the latest storm report? They changed the forecast to sexy.
Do you like your downdraft in the rear flank?
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like a pretty cool person.
Do you want to absorb my emittance.
Do you want to collect my precipitation?
Do you want to make out in the rain?
Do you want to suction my vortex?
Don't say you've got a girlfriend, cuz that would be an inconvenient truth.
Don't worry baby, we've got world class spill protection.
Don’t sweat the petty things. Pet the sweaty things.
End your snow day the right way and give me a BJ.
Feel the rush of my monsoon!
Get me some cooling aloe gel, because you are making me as hot as a sunburn.
Girl, if you wanted I can be your umbrella.
Girl, when you don't text me back, I sometimes go into a tropical depression.
Have you ever experienced a massive storm surge?
Have you ever had multiple vorticies?
Hey baby, the sun isn't the only thing that rises.
Hey girl, wanna hiber-mate?
Hey ladies, I go down every night. (Sun)
Hey, how’d you like to take a look at my extended forecast.
Hey, if you can't take the heat, get out of your clothes.
Hey, let me take you out on a first date in the snow—I promise I’m not a flake-y person.
Hey, you spelled “forecast” wrong. There should be a “U and I” in it.
Hey! Do ya wanna flux?
How about you let me take you for a ride in my bobsled? And by bobsled, I mean bed.
How's your warm sector?
Hurricane Irene is a Category 3, but if it had your name it be a perfect 10.
I bet I can increase your dew point!
I bet my presence is making it wet in your area.
I can tell you’re quite the elf-a male.
I can't jerk off because my roommate's classes were cancelled, too. Want to hang out?
I didn't know snow angels could fly as pretty as you skiing.
I didn't think I was a snowman, but you just made my heart melt.
I don’t need to cool off, I love the heat.
I feel a pretty strong updraft coming on.
I feel like I'm in Scandinavia, because when I'm with you it's like the sun never sets.
I figured out why the sky was grey today...all the blue is in your eyes.
I got a storm in my pants, want one in yours?
I have a huge, huge umbrella collection.
I have an overshooting top.
I have skittles in my mouth, do you want to taste the rainbow?
I hope there's a fireman around, because you're smoking hot.
I hope you are the rain and I'm the land, because even it rains like cats and dogs, you will still fall to me.
I hope you ladies stocked up on supplies because there is a storm surge in my pants.
I like your earmuffs. Maybe my roommate can borrow them when we're having sex later.
I lost my scarf, mind if I wrap your legs around me instead.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
I saw you from across the room and winter fall in love with you.
I should call you carbon, 'cause you're causing a period of unprecedented warming in my atmosphere.
I take romance to a new level—I don’t cuddle, I hibernate.
I took the liberty of defrosting your windshield while you getting ready for work this morning.
I will kiss you in the rain so you get twice as wet.
I will make you wet, one way or the other.
I wish I could see what was happening behind those sunglasses.
I'd bang you like a screen door during that tsunami.
I'd like to get on your waterspout.
I'd like to punch your core.
I'd like to WeatherTap your booty.
I'm a meteorologist. I'm experienced in everything from the ground up.
I'm drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now.
I'm going to go ahead and call you 'winter' 'cause pretty soon you'll be coming.
I'm issuing a severe lovin' watch!
I'm like Jim Cantore, but with hair.
I'm looking to get bobsleigh'd tonight.
I'm no weatherman but you can expect more than a few inches tonight
I'm picking you up on my SEXRAD.
I'm sensing your weekend forecast is mostly horny!
I've got an F-5 in my pants, baby!
I've got mad Skillings.
I’d like to issue a severe lovin’ watch.
I’m picking up measurable precipitation…in your panties.
I’m wearing a lot of layers, want to watch me undress for twelve minutes?
If a kiss was a raindrop I would send you a Thunderstorm!
If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
If it weren't for the summer sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard.
If there a rainbow today? I just found the treasure I have been searching for!
If you think that's impressive, you should see how many inches I just accumulated in my pants.
If you want I can help you tape your windows, but I can't guarantee things won't still get wet.
If you want to taste the rainbow, let's go back to my place.
If you were a tree, you’d be an evergreen, because I bet you look this good year-round.
If you were a year you'd be the last one, cause you're the hottest on record
If your hands are cold, it's warm under my thigh vents.
Ignore the ray bans, there is nothing shade-y about me.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is that a candy cane in your pocket, or are you just struggling to contain your excite-mint?
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Or just a stream of sweat pouring down the inside of your thighs and round the backs of your knees thanks to 90% relative humidity?
Is that a thermometer in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that sunblock on your shorts, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that sunscreen in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is there an excessive heat warning or am I just hot for you.
Is your middle name turbine? Cuz you've got me spinning
Is your name Summer? Cause you are as hot as hell.
Is your tornado big enough to chase?
Isn’t it funny how the sunlight is specifically lighting up that couch on the porch?
It may be a stationary front now, but I'll make it move later.
It's a hot hump day today in Arizona. But don't worry, it's a dry hump.
It's hotter than a rooster in a hen house! We should take the cock out.
Just got the weekend forecast…mostly horny with a chance of doing “it”.
Just say yes and I'll make sure you never get cold feet.
Leave with me and I'll close your school tomorrow!
Let me analyze your contours.
Let me be your umbrella. You can open me over your 'head' any time you want.
Let's add this log to the fire. Oh wait, that's just my penis.
Let's get you out of those bloody clothes.
Let's go shed a couple parts per million and get back to our natural state.
ls there a rainbow today'? I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
My nickname in high school was Butt Warmer.
My umbrella will keep you dry but I'll keep you wet.
My! Your parcels are buoyant.
My! Your tornado is long.
Nice mammatus.
Nice pair of 88D's.
No relationship is all sunshine, but two people can share one umbrella and survive the storm together.
Oh, your lips are sunburned, let me help them.
One look at you and my barometric pressure rises.
Plow here often?
Put on some SPF 30+, so I can get to irradiating you.
Screw me if I'm wrong, but it's freezing in Phoenix.
She acts like summer and walks like rain.
Skittles the way to taste the rainbow.
So, how many inches will I get?
Take it easy on me -- I'm a virga.
That wasn't my hand..it was my El Nino.
That’s a crazy burn line. How far up does it go?
The Arizona desert's full of cacti, but I've got the biggest prick.
The only thing hotter than today is your body.
The snow is blowing. How about you?
The storm is going to cause serious flooding, ever done it underwater?
The storm suppose to knock out the power, but your eyes have all the electricity I need.
There a cold front coming…but I’m gonna keep your front warm.
There's a hurricane coming. Evacuate your pants.
There’s a winter storm warning. You’re getting eight inches tonight.
These fingerless gloves aren’t just for me.
This greenhouse is so hot and sultry.
This puddle isn’t the only thing that’s wet right now.
This sidewalk must be unsalted, because I just fell for you.
This snowfall makes me want to see your snowballs.
Today’s forecast: Mostly horny and a chance of baby makin’
Tonight's forecast is a blizzard of me heading towards your face.
Tonight's forecast: 100% chance of love.
Trust me, hang with me and I'll name a hurricane after you.
Wanna see my weather weenie?
Wanna sling my psychrometer?
Wanna touch the storm in my pocket?
Want a relationship full of free, prior & informed consent? We're a match made in heaven
Want to compare tan lines, or just show me yours?
Want to know the difference between me and my Storm? It only takes two minutes to get me up and running
Want to see my lightning rod?
Was that an earthquake or did u just rock my world?
We don't need to frack to make the bed rock.
What are the similarities of women and snow? You can plow both.
What do you and the mountain have in common? Tonight, you're both getting 8 inches.
What do you and weather have in common? You're both hot.
What do you say we make a Just Transition back to my place?
What do you say? - You, me, a pair of hand cuffs, and the corporate headquarters of your choice.
What is a guy gotta do to get his mittens on those tit...ens?
What's your 'do' point?
What’s a nice guy like you doing in a Burlington Coat Factory like this?
What’s today’s high? 69 ALL NIGHT LONG!
What’s your “do” point?
When you do it with me it’s like winter on Mt. Charleston…expect a lot of the white stuff.
Who needs a sled when you can just ride me?
Why do you need to buy extra batteries? I have 2 flashlights and can please you til the sun comes up.
Will you come to my place? You can sure lower my heating bill with your hotness.
Would you like to blow my weather vane?
You advect my moisture.
You are my sunshine and my rain, basically you make me hot and wet.
You are so hot. The sun is jealous.
You can call me rain, because I'm going to be getting you wet tonight.
You can stand under my umbrella.
You give me a high pressure system…in my pants.
You just caused a heat wave, because that's how hot you are.
You know that 6 inches of rain we got this morning...guess how I measured it?!
You know that during a tornado warning that the safest place to be is in my bed.
You look so hot that I could cook rice on you.
You look very fair, ambitious and binding tonight. We should make a deal.
You make me so hot I want to dive into this cooler.
You must be a frozen pond, because I can see myself skating all over you.
You're as hot as a desert summer.
You're just like a snowflake: Beautiful, unique, and with one touch you'll be wet.
You're the cause of my perturbation.
You've heard of high pressure..how about thigh pressure?
Your surfboard is so big!
10 bucks if you can find which part of my body is the warmest.
Also, I was so frostsmitten that my hand had to be amputated. Thanks.
And who wears turtlenecks anymore?
Are you passed out on the sidewalk or are you my snow angel?
Are you sitting on a candle? Because your booty is on fire.
Baby, you're so hot I only need four layers.
Black ice isn't the only thing I'm falling for.
Can I hiber-mate with you.
Can you hold my gloves for a second? I usually warm them by the fireplace, but you are way hotter.
Class might be canceled, but that ass of yours don't quit.
Do I have a fever? Because you are giving me chills.
Do I have pneumonia? Because you're giving me chills.
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like a pretty cool person.
Do you want to see my snowballs?
End your snow day the right way and give me a BJ.
Hey girl, wanna hiber-mate?
Hey, let me take you out on a first date in the snow—I promise I’m not a flake-y person.
How about you let me take you for a ride in my bobsled? And by bobsled, I mean bed.
I can tell you’re quite the elf-a male.
I can't jerk off because my roommate's classes were cancelled, too. Want to hang out?
I didn't know snow angels could fly as pretty as you skiing.
I didn't think I was a snowman, but you just made my heart melt.
I like your earmuffs. Maybe my roommate can borrow them when we're having sex later.
I lost my scarf, mind if I wrap your legs around me instead.
I love winter, because it's an excuse to cuddle.
I saw you from across the room and winter fall in love with you.
I take romance to a new level—I don’t cuddle, I hibernate.
I took the liberty of defrosting your windshield while you getting ready for work this morning.
I wasn't joking, I think an icicle fell in your pants.
I'd like to hibermate with you.
I'll give you a real reason to wear that ugly turtleneck.
I'm going to go ahead and call you 'winter' 'cause pretty soon you'll be coming.
I'm looking to get bobsleigh'd tonight.
I'm no weatherman but you can expect more than a few inches tonight
I've become frostsmitten with you.
I’m wearing a lot of layers, want to watch me undress for twelve minutes?
If you think that's impressive, you should see how many inches I just accumulated in my pants.
If you were a DEER, I'd never try to REIN you in. Because I respect you as an individual person with your own hopes and dreams. Do you want to go discuss our independent plans for the future? Maybe read some Margaret Atwood? I value your opinion.
If you were a tree, you’d be an evergreen, because I bet you look this good year-round.
If your hands are cold, it's warm under my thigh vents.
Is that a candy cane in your pocket, or are you just struggling to contain your excite-mint?
Is that a thermometer in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that an icicle in your pants? Or are you just happy to see me?
Is your name winter? Because you will be coming soon.
Leave with me and I'll close your school tomorrow!
Let's add this log to the fire. Oh wait, that's just my penis.
My love for you will last forever… green. Like the trees.
My nickname in high school was Butt Warmer.
Plow here often?
Seriously, it's weird that you haven't taken the icicle out of your pants yet. It's starting to melt… aren't you cold?
The snow is blowing. How about you?
There a cold front coming…but I’m gonna keep your front warm.
There’s a winter storm warning. You’re getting eight inches tonight.
These fingerless gloves aren’t just for me.
This puddle isn’t the only thing that’s wet right now.
This sidewalk must be unsalted, because I just fell for you.
This snowfall makes me want to see your snowballs.
Tonight's forecast is a blizzard of me heading towards your face.
Well, it looks like I'm going to have to jacket off this winter.
What are the similarities of women and snow? You can plow both.
What do you and the mountain have in common? Tonight, you're both getting 8 inches.
What is a guy gotta do to get his mittens on those tit...ens?
What’s a nice guy like you doing in a Burlington Coat Factory like this?
When you do it with me it’s like winter on Mt. Charleston…expect a lot of the white stuff.
Where are you going? I wanted to eggnsnog you!
Who needs a sled when you can just ride me?
Will you come to my place? You can sure lower my heating bill with your hotness.
Winter is coming, so am I.
You and this weather have one thing in common. You're both frigid.
You are so hot that even on a cold winter night my penis would stand for you.
You must be a frozen pond, because I can see myself skeeting all over you.
You're just like a snowflake: Beautiful, unique, and with one touch you'll be wet.
(Sung) Do you like drinking Pina Coladas in the dunes of the Cape?
(To a lifeguard): You make me feel like I want a personal emergency!
Are you having a good summer? Because you’re hot.
Are you related to the sun?...Because running into you just brightened up my day!
Being underneath this umbrella makes it feel so private!
Can I see your tan lines?
Can I share my music festival tent with you?
Can you help me with my organic sunscreen, it’s a little hard to smear in.
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Do you have water wings? Because I think heaven is missing an angel who can't swim very well.
Do you like this string bikini made from recycled polyester?
Do you love hot summer knights? Because I’m killer at Dungeons and Dragons.
Don’t sweat the petty things. Pet the sweaty things.
Everything around here reminds me of beach balls.
Get me some cooling aloe gel, because you are making me as hot as a sunburn.
Have you been hitting the gym? Because this air is conditioned.
Hey baby, the sun is not the only thing that rises.
Hey ladies, I go down every night. (Sun)
Hey, if you can't take the heat, get out of your clothes.
Hey, you’re so sticky!
How about I serve you some cold brew coffee tomorrow morning at my place?
How far back does your beach chair go?
How was your last skinny dip? I bet I can make your next one better.
How's your warm sector?
I barely noticed you in the winter months.
I don’t need to cool off, I love the heat.
I feel like I’m in Scandinavia, because when I’m with you it’s like the sun never sets.
I have a double wide hammock in my yard.
I hope there's a fireman around, because you're smoking hot.
I know I'm not supposed to put you on a pedestal, so will you please come down off the high-dive tower?
I know you should wait 30 minutes after eating before swimming, but how long do I have to wait after feasting on your contemporary good looks before I can ask you out?
I love all the rides at the county fair but I love eating corn dogs the most.
I LOVE corn on the cob.
I love doing the back float.
I love the way the ocean pounds the surf.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
I prefer the European version of sunbathing.
I wish I could see what was happening behind those sunglasses.
I wish I’d brought my towel, can I share yours?
I'm drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now.
I'm going to put my car keys inside my shoe on the beach, where no one would ever think to find them, and let you drive me crazy, girrrl.
I’d like to dive into that body… of water.
I’m not a very good swimmer, do you have any lifeguarding experience?
I’m only here on holiday, let’s take full advantage of it.
I’ve been watching you kayak, and I’m totally in oar of you.
I’ve got a few ideas for that surfboard leash.
If it weren't for the summer sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
If you were a year you'd be the last one, cause you're the hottest on record
Ignore the ray bans, there is nothing shade-y about me.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is it just me, or are summer rainstorms super hot?
Is it pronounced tong or thong?
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Or just a stream of sweat pouring down the inside of your thighs and round the backs of your knees thanks to 90% relative humidity?
Is that a thermometer in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that an inflatable mattress?
Is that snorkel bigger than most?
Is that sunblock on your shorts, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that sunscreen in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is there an excessive heat warning or am I just hot for you.
Is your name Summer? Cause you are as hot as hell.
Isn’t it funny how the sunlight is specifically lighting up that couch on the porch?
It's a hot hump day today in Arizona. But don't worry, it's a dry hump.
It's hotter than a rooster in a hen house! We should take the cock out.
Let’s make pretend you’re the captain of my ship.
Oh you do the doggie paddle, what else do you like to do that dogs do?
Oh, your lips are sunburned, let me help them.
Put on some SPF 30+, so I can get to irradiating you.
Screw me if I'm wrong, but it's freezing in Phoenix.
She acts like summer and walks like rain.
So you’re the new day camp director?
That’s a crazy burn line. How far up does it go?
The Arizona desert's full of cacti, but I've got the biggest prick.
The next time someone tells you to put on a life preserver, remember: I’m a registered beach patroller, and I'm one size fits all.
The only thing hotter than today is your body.
There’s just something about getting sand in awkward places.
This current is so strong, who knows where it will take us.
This greenhouse is so hot and sultry.
Want to compare tan lines, or just show me yours?
Want to drive to the ocean and watch the phosphorescent waves?
We should go back to my house and make some lunch.
We should go climb this tree and make a cute fort.
Were you born at an amusement park? Because after being with you I feel dizzy, then sick, then excited, then hungry for funnel cake, then I want to do it all over again.
What do you and weather have in common? You're both hot.
What is this, a casting call for Baywatch?
What's a nice girl like you doing on a sandbar like this?
You are my sunshine and my rain, basically you make me hot and wet.
You are so hot. The sun is jealous.
You brought so much good food, I wonder what we can do with it all…
You had me at “Hel---lllp! A shark ate my surfboard!”
You have great arm muscles, I bet you’re good at making your own ice cream.
You just caused a heat wave, because that's how hot you are.
You know what I always say: Make love, not Nerf war.
You look so hot that I could cook rice on you.
You make me so hot I want to dive into this cooler.
You make my heart slip ‘n slide.
You're as hot as a desert summer.
You're so hot the sun is jealous.
Your surfboard is so big!
After the hurricane they expect serious looting, but you already stole my heart.
Agent Kay: When you get sad, it rains. Laura: Lots of people get sad when it rains. Agent Kay: It rains because you're sad, baby. (Men in Black II)
Are you a weeping angel?
Baby, make sure you've got enough sandbags, because the storm isn't the only one that's going to be flooding your basement.
Be careful I’ve been known to cause a flash flood watch in your lower elevations.
Damn girl, is your name Irene? Because you look like you're good at blowing.
Do I make you saturated?
Do you hear the latest storm report? They changed the forecast to sexy.
Do you want to collect my precipitation?
Do you want to make out in the rain?
Don't worry baby, we've got world class spill protection.
Feel the rush of my monsoon!
Girl, if you wanted I can be your umbrella.
Girl, when you don't text me back, I sometimes go into a tropical depression.
Have you ever experienced a massive storm surge?
Hurricane Irene is a Category 3, but if it had your name it be a perfect 10.
I bet I can increase your dew point!
I bet my presence is making it wet in your area.
I figured out why the sky was grey today...all the blue is in your eyes.
I got a storm in my pants, want one in yours?
I have a huge, huge umbrella collection.
I have skittles in my mouth, do you want to taste the rainbow?
I hope you are the rain and I'm the land, because even it rains like cats and dogs, you will still fall to me.
I hope you ladies stocked up on supplies because there is a storm surge in my pants.
I will kiss you in the rain so you get twice as wet.
I will make you wet, one way or the other.
I'd bang you like a screen door during that tsunami.
I'd like to get on your waterspout.
I'm issuing a severe lovin' watch!
I'm no weatherman but you can expect more than a few inches tonight
I’m picking up measurable precipitation…in your panties.
If a kiss was a raindrop I would send you a Thunderstorm!
If there a rainbow today? I just found the treasure I have been searching for!
If you think that's impressive, you should see how many inches I just accumulated in my pants.
If you want I can help you tape your windows, but I can't guarantee things won't still get wet.
If you want to taste the rainbow, let's go back to my place.
Leave with me and I'll close your school tomorrow!
Let me be your umbrella. You can open me over your 'head' any time you want.
Let's get you out of those bloody clothes.
My umbrella will keep you dry but I'll keep you wet.
No relationship is all sunshine, but two people can share one umbrella and survive the storm together.
She acts like summer and walks like rain.
Skittles the way to taste the rainbow.
The storm is going to cause serious flooding, ever done it underwater?
The storm suppose to knock out the power, but your eyes have all the electricity I need.
There's a hurricane coming. Evacuate your pants.
There’s a winter storm warning. You’re getting eight inches tonight.
Trust me, hang with me and I'll name a hurricane after you.
Wanna touch the storm in my pocket?
Want to know the difference between me and my Storm? It only takes two minutes to get me up and running
Want to see my lightning rod?
Why do you need to buy extra batteries? I have 2 flashlights and can please you til the sun comes up.
You advect my moisture.
You are my sunshine and my rain, basically you make me hot and wet.
You can call me rain, because I'm going to be getting you wet tonight.
You can stand under my umbrella.
Ain't no mountain high enough to keep me away from you.
Are all your appliances energy efficient? Because when I saw you the room became more environmentally friendly!
Baby, all the ones other guys are unsustainable. Pay attention, I’ve got a environment friendly resource. We can go all night.
Baby, I like my energy clean and my bedroom dirty, so let's just transition to the sheets
Baby, looking at you makes me want to be on top like a rooftop garden, underneath like geothermal energy.
Baby, the connection I'm feeling is stronger than the link between climate change and extreme weather
Can I be your axis for the night?
Can I buy which you drink? In a reusable bottle keep in mind.
Care to show me your ozone layer?
Cars Pollute, so can I pick you up on my electric scooter
Did that rising sea-level get your pants wet? We better get you out of those!
Did you know I recorded the 1953 Christmas hit 'Santa Baby'?
Did you know my sheets come from only organic, fair-trade silk?
Did you say spelunking?
Do it for Mother Earth.
Do you believe in the big bang theory?
Do you know what time it is? It's time to take your boyfriend to the dump.
Do you think we can we get to absolute zero together?
Don't say you've got a girlfriend, cuz that would be an inconvenient truth.
Don't worry baby, we've got world class spill protection.
Excuse me while I climate turn into something more comfortable…
Fair Trade Coffee, Organic Tea or Me
Here's an inconvenient truth -- you have a nice ass
Hey sexy, I hear climate change is going to get really bad, you are gonna need a lover that knows the bush and can hunt.
Hey, let’s come up with compost, not love. As well as war.
How deep are your oceans?
How many dormant volcanoes do you have? Because I bet I could activate all of them.
How'd you like to capture some of my emissions?
I am glad we are creating a sustainable relationship.
I bet you know a thing or two about bedrock.
I bet your Dad is an Environmentalist, because you are so eco-friendly
I can see us in orbit together.
I can't resist your gravitational pull.
I can't stop thinking about what is under your topsoil.
I don't care what Copernicus says, you're the only planet to me.
I don't drive a car, but I'd love to walk you home!
I have data that suggests your hotness has increased 70% during the last 20 years.
I hope it's not an inconvenient truth to learn that I love you.
I just got dumped, would you recycle me into your boyfriend
I like my men the way I like my wind turbines: tall, sturdy, and full of energy.
I love getting dirty, and you seem to have a lot of it.
I love stratified layers.
I love T&A, Trees and Air Quality
I love the way you whip through my hair, I wish it was with hurricane force.
I love your soft edges.
I mainly date guys who recycle
I should call you carbon, 'cause you're causing a period of unprecedented warming in my atmosphere.
I want to climb your trees and swing.
I want to conserve water by taking a shower with you.
I want to fly in your friendly skies.
I want to swim deeply in all five of your oceans.
I wish I were one of your Northern Lights.
I won’t faucet offshore oil, but I will tap something else.
I would love to experience tectonic subduction with you.
I'd love to explore your longitudes and latitudes.
I'd make your icebergs melt.
I'd never mow your grass with a gas mower.
I'm against animal cruelty, so don't hurt my monkey, please stroke it gently
I'm an environmentalist, because I wouldn't want you any hotter than you already are.
I've never seen a better looking isthmus.
I’d plan to leave my carbon presence.. in your bedroom.
I’m sure we could both reach the Big O… ozone that is
If I wrote you a protest song, would you sing it with me?
If you were a year you'd be the last one, cause you're the hottest on record
In this entire universe, all I want is you.
Is it hot in here or is it the greenhouse effect?
Is it hot in here? Or did you just render every known climate change model irrelevant?
Is that the summit of Mt. Everest or are you just happy to see me?
Is there a magnetic field between us or am I just attracted to you?
Is your middle name turbine? Cuz you've got me spinning
Is your name Methane or Carbon Dioxide? ‘Cause you're making my world hot as hell!
It got really hot all of the sudden. Is it global warming? Oh, wait, you just walked into the room
Just say yes and I'll make sure you never get cold feet.
Just verifying your emissions.
Let's follow this current wherever it might lead us.
Let's get sweaty like Al Gore
Let's go shed a couple parts per million and get back to our natural state.
Like the bamboo sheets on your bed I want to cover you with sustainable love!
Looking at you gives me a renewable energy source in my pants
Meet me inside Davy Jones' Locker, I'll be Neptune, you be my staff.
My favorite geological features are created under pressure.
My h2o and footprint? Why it’s some size 16. And you know what THAT means, right?
My heart is an iceberg in your own presence… it melts.
My middle name could be Magellan, because I love exploring your continents.
Oh sorry to brush up against you with my Hemp shirt, or am I?
Please don't tell me that's an impermeable rock.
Save water, shower with me at night.
Save water. Shower in my cum...
Should we take this conversation above sea level?
Show me your dunes.
The average temps haves climbed 1. 4 degrees Fahrenheit while you walked in here.
The only thing which can come between us is normally Ralph Nader.
Turning off the Lights, is one of my Turn On's
Turning off your Engine, gets my motor humming
Venus ain't got nothing on you.
Wanna are aware of the backseat of my Prius?
Wanna C how many O's the 2 of us can make?
Wanna go back to my place and work some horizontal leadership?
Wanna swap airborne particulates?
Wanna take a shower with me to conserve water?
Want a relationship full of free, prior & informed consent? We're a match made in heaven
Want to go back to my place for some geospatial analysis?
Want to play chemical make up with my periodic table of elements?
We can cut down our water use if we shower together.
We don't need to frack to make the bed rock.
What do you and this used soda can have in common? I'm going to pick you up around 7pm.
What do you say we make a Just Transition back to my place?
What do you say? - You, me, a pair of hand cuffs, and the corporate headquarters of your choice.
What is your energy-to-mass ratio?
What time do you get off work? Let's carpool it back to my place
What's 100% organic and likes to party? This guy.
What's your favorite kind of cloud? Mine are cumulus.
When I see you, sea levels aren't the only thing rising...
When I'm near you, sea levels aren't the only thing rising
Why don't we go back to my yurt and plant some seeds?
Why don't we peel back your mantle a bit and have a peek.
Will you help me find my puppy, I think he went into that Eco-friendly Hotel across the street
Will you teach me about plate tectonics?
Would you like to hug my tree?
You are hot to the core aren't you?!
You are rarer than only a panda in the mad… and nearly as graceful.
You blow my mind like Geothermal Heating Technology!
You eyes are as bright as energy saving halogen light bulbs, would you light up my life?
You know what they say about the size of a man's carbon footprint
You left a carbon footprint…on my heart.
You look very fair, ambitious and binding tonight. We should make a deal.
You make me want to recycle my frowns into smiles.
You throw my center of gravity off.
You're making me as hot as molten magma.
You're millions of years old – I bet you're experienced.
You're so sexy you make me want to flower.
You’re hence cool, you can take the polar bears rear from extinction.
Your eyes are as blue as the ocean used to be before Bush relaxed dumping regulations
Your legs must be tired, from passing out flyers for Green Peace, sit on my lap!
Your so hot you must've started all of global warming
Your sunsets are amazing.Are you Chipotle because I want to eat you in so many ways in so many combinations.
Are you made in Chipotle because you are hot and I want more.
Babe I want to cultivate a better world with you.
Babe I want to wrap around you like some hot and spicy Chipotle burrito.
Baby you wanna get Chipot-laid tonight?
Chicken Steak Barbacoa Carnitas Sofritas or My tasty man based protein?
Chipotle burritos make horny and we should totally get some for dinner tonight.
Chipotles burritos are like sex and girl I always finish last.
Day after day I am committed to sourcing the very best techniques I can find and pleasuring you by hand.
Did you get some Chipotle tonight? Good because I like to eat my girl with integrity.
Do you want some Chipotle I will do some free delivery straight to your bedroom.
Girl I got all the Avacadough you could dream of.
Girl what we are about to do there is no double wrapping.
Give this hog some space and it will be a healthy beast up for your pure satisfaction.
Hey baby is your name Chipotle? Because I crave you all the time.
I want you more than a Chipotle chip wants guacamole.
It's time to practice some safe Mex with this Chipotle order.
Will you be my Burritas?
You are burritoful.
#SearchForBetter sex starting with me.
Babe I want to eat you fresh.
Babe you are my Sexy Delite.
Choose well choose me.
Do you work at Subway? Because you just gave me a footlong.
Eat me fresh.
Fresh loving is what we do all night long.
Girl my slider is going to hit you in the right spot.
Girl my sub is the fresh fit inside you.
I think you need my beef and balls in your bread.
Make love what you want.
So much sandwich with my meat and your buns.
You melt my heart.
Babe I'll drive through your in n out any time of the day.
Babe let's do it animal style anytime.
Do you want fries well done or fries light? I'll fry you just how you like it.
Do you want just the burger or the whole combo with a drink and foreplay?
Every moment is extra toasted with you.
Girl are you trying to loose some weight? How about some protein style.
Girl I got the quality you can taste.
Girl I love you so much that I would pick you over in n out.
Girl that's some nice double meat you got there.
Girl you so hot I want to spread my sauce all over you.
Girl your wishburger needs some meat loving.
Here comes the flying dutchman!
I cannot get enough of your spread.
I'll be in n out in a few minutes and you will enjoy every drop of it.
It's time to put some cheese inside your buns.
John 3:16 I want an eternal life with you.
No I don't want onion with that but I will take a sexy girl like you.
Sexing is as easy as 1 2 3.
Want to try the perfect sex? It is always fresh made to order and with only the highest quality ingredients.
What is your secret menu?
Will you be eating me in the car or take me to go at your place?
You are black I am white. Let's get some black and white shake going.
You know what else is always fresh? My cum.
At yeast you’re in my thoughts all the time.
Babe I got all the dough you will ever need.
Baby I really knead you right now.
Be prepared I’m really into roll play.
Bready for some roll play?
Can I serve you a frittata made with local ducks eggs in bed tomorrow morning?
Can you take me to the bakery? Because I want a Cutie pie like you!
Come to bread with me now.
Do you prefer French Press or Bialetti for your morning coffee?
Do you want to get double stuffed?
Even my new stainless steel pan set isn’t as slick as you.
Girl you look like a damn fine puff now you just need some sweet cream inside of you.
Girl you make me rise all night long.
God put as much work into you as a fine piece of artisan cheese.
God put as much work into you as an excellent piece of artisan bread.
Have you ever tried hand-pulled salted cardamom toffee? Why don’t we head back to my place and I’ll whip you up a batch.
Hey baby dough you wanna get down & dirty tonight?
How hot does your gas oven get?
I am Bready for you.
I can last as long as a Le Creuset.
I can last longer than cast iron.
I feel like this can be true loaf.
I knead to put some of my seeds in your oven.
I knead you let's roll in bed.
I know milk does a body good but damn girl how much have you been drinking.
I studied at a culinary school in France and know all the secrets to joie de vivre.
I think I could bake you feel real good.
I think we’d grow a great organic buns together.
I wanna see you rise all night long.
I would love to make you part of this season’s bounty.
I would love to stuff some of my jam in your buttery cheeks.
I’d buy you flours and anything your heart could ever want.
I’d turn vegan for you.
I’m going to start calling you blue cheese because you are dressing.
I’m local all natural homemade and certified organic: wanna taste?
I’m new in town where’s the best place to get late night paté?
I’ve got some nice buns that I think you’ll like.
I'd buy you flours and anything your heart could ever want.
If I was a chalkboard would you write the daily special on me?
If you shave your legs as well as that fennel I can’t wait to touch them.
Is it too soon to start sowing seeds?
Is that banana from Ecuador?
Just crust me I’ll make your fantasies come true.
Just know I would biscuit all in the name of love.
Mmmm girl! You are so sweet. I m going to get diabetes.
Mmmm girl you remind me of butter. I want you on everything!
Must be jelly because jam doesn’t shake like that!!!
Need a baking partner because I could fire up your oven.
Need a cooking partner because I am amazing in the kitchen.
Nice buns.
Pack your baguette and come on over baby.
Pies aren’t the new cupcakes baby. You are.
Rye can’t I stop thinking about you?
See you soon my loafer.
Some sweet loving will dough you good.
Staring at you is better than looking at food porn.
Things will definitely get real toasty if I get to see you later.
Things would be a lot butter if you just came over.
This loaf of bread is stiff and 100% organic it will satisfy you anytime.
Those short shorts look so good on you. I wish I had some butter for them biscuits.
Wait those eggs aren’t dirty or are they.
Want to be extra naughty and buy non-organic strawberries to dip in chocolate?
Were you born on a farm? You look a-maize-ing.
When it comes to me you’ve got free range.
Will you let me be the avocado in your sandwich?
Would you like some ranch dressing in your sweet buns?
You are my loafer.
You are my true loaf.
You can come to bread with me if you’d like.
You know I cook best in the morning.
You make my soufflé rise; can I buy you a drink?
You must be one spicy dish because you’re making my heartburn.
You must put a lot stuffing in your buns because I want to eat it all.
You remind me of milk ‘cuz you’re doing my body good.
You’re as complete as quinoa.
You’re looking so sweet you’ve got my eyes glazed over like doughnuts.
You’re my missing ingredient.
You’re so cute I could bottle you up in a mason jar.
You’re so hot that you could make creme brulée with your looks.
You’re so hot you could make creme brulée with just your looks.
Your cupcakes make my soufflés rise.
Your name must be Candy because you look so sweet.
Your skin is smoother than the finest panna cotta.
Allow me put my sausage patty on your hotcakes.
Any girls wanna go to mac with me? You could be my happy meal.
Any girls wanna go to mac with me? You could be my happy meal.
Babe I want to dip my sausage in your buns.
Babe you are perfectly made for me.
Baby you are the jam in my hot cakes.
Baby you are the jam in my jelly roll.
Baby you got more legs than a bucket of McDonalds!
Both you and McDonalds make my heard stop.
Can I double stuff your Oreo?
Can I have a junior chicken with a side of your number.
Come on over and I’ll give ya a Happy Meal.
Come over to my house and I’ll give ya a happy meal.
Could you double stuff my Oreo?
Could you let your hotcakes take my sausage patty?
Dating you would make you be the curry to my French fries. So yummy.
Do you work at McDonalds? Cuz I want u to be in my happy-meal!
Do you work at McDonalds? Cuz I want u to be in my happy-meal!
Do you work here? Because I’d like to order some fries with that shake.
Forget about Big Mac try this Big Dick.
Girl when I am done with you you won't be looking for no toys in this happy meal.
Girl this quarter pounder will take you to a whole different level of experience.
Girl you are my Sweet Tea.
Here let me lick the honey off those buns!!
Hey baby wanna dip my nuggets in your sauce?
Hey baby wanna taste my Special Sauce?
Hey you have a lovely bunch of coconuts.
I always long for a chance to lick the honey off those buns.
I first panicked when my wife lying unconscious in the kitchen. I then remembered that breakfast is served at McDonalds and relaxed.
I just wanted to know if you work here because I’d like to order some fries with that shake.
I love the way you move…like butter on a bald monkey.
I love you. I think your name is Ronald McDonalds.
I love your body. Is it from McDonald?
I love your spicy buffalo sauce.
I thought you wanted to see how my cookie crumbles.
I threw my fries on the ground because I saw a hot mom spank her kid who did so.
I wanna butter your toast and eat you for breakfast.
I want a taste of that delicious butter milk of yours.
I was wondering if you could be in my happy-meal in case you work at McDonalds.
I wish you could rub my salty French fries with some sweet ‘n’ sour sauce.
I would like you to see how my cookies crumble.
I’ll be Burger King and you be McDonalds I’ll have it my way and you’ll be lovin’ it!
I’ll have my way and you’ll be loving it; so I’ll be burger king and you’ll be McDonalds.
I’m in love with your body. Did you get it from McDonalds?
If sexy were McDonalds you would be double stuffed.
If you let me I’ll not only butter your toast but also eat your breakfast.
If you paid me a visit I would butter your toast and take you for breakfast.
If you were a burger at McDonald’s you’d be the McGorgeous.
If you were a chicken to be served at McDonalds you would be McChicken.
If you were a McCafe drink you would be a mchottie.
If you were in McDonalds menu you’d be McBeautiful.
If you were mine you would rub some sweet N sour sauce on my salty French fry.
If you were on the menu you’d be a McBeautiful.
If you worked at McDonalds you would be my happy-meal.
Is your body from McDonald’s? Because I’m lovin’ it.
Is your face from McDonalds Because I’m lovin’ it.
Let me put my Sausage Patty on your Hotcakes.
Let me rub you down with hot oil and I’ll give you something special off my Dollar Menu.
Let me rub you down with hot oil and I’ll give you something special off my Dollar Menu.
Like at McDonalds I LOVE to see you smile.
Like chicken nuggets entrance my taste buds you captivate my heart.
Like Taco Bell I eat great regardless of how late I wake up.
Like Taco Bell I’m up late and I eat great ;).
McDonalds made their M for men’s day.
My combo meal is not complete without you.
Sleepin with me is like quizno’s.. MMM TOASTY
The way chicken nuggets enter my taste buds is the same way you captivate my heart.
The way you are going straight to my thighs you must be McDonalds.
This could be love at first bite.
This Egg White Delight isn’t nearly as delightful as you are.
This is love at first site which is as spicy as McDonalds’ chili sauce.
Wanna see how my cookie crumbles?
Wanna see how my cookie crumbles?
Wanna see the secret prize in my Happy Meal?
Wanna taste my Spicy Buffalo Sauce?
Want a bite of this McChicken?
Why don’t you try my quarter-pounder?
Would you like a happy ending with your happy meal?
Would you like to go mac with me? You could be my happy meal.
You are almost as delightful as this Egg White Delight.
You are as spicy as chili sauce at McDonalds.
You are Ronald McDonald right? Know what? I’m loving you.
You are spicy as chilli sauce at McDonalds. Love at first bite.
You captivate my heart like chicken nuggets entrance my taste buds.
You could be the curry sauce to my French fries. Yum girl.
You must be craving to taste my spicy buffalo sauce.
You must be the hamburglar who stole my heart.
You should let me lick the honey off those buns.
You should rub some Sweet ‘N’ Sour Sauce on my salty French fry.
You should rub some Sweet ‘N’ Sour Sauce on my salty French fry.
You stole my heart. You must be the Hamburglar.
You wanna dip my fry in your milkshake?
You would be the McGorgeous if you were a burger at McDonalds.
You’re like McDonald's baby I’m lovin it!
You’re like McDonald's baby I’m lovin it!
You’re lucky I haven’t eaten yet because you can be my Happy Meal.
Your body must be from McDonalds coz I love it.
Your nickname must be Ronald McDonald because I’m loving you.
All the other girls are plain bagels and you are my one and only sprinkled donut.
All you need is donuts and love.
Are you a dirty donut I don't mind and I'll lick you clean.
Are you a donut? I am ready to glaze you inside and out.
Are you a doughnut? Because I find you a-dough-rable.
Are you donut because you are all sugar and curves.
Are you dunkin? Because I donut want to spend another day without you.
Babe are you a donut? I want to take you out and eat you in my car.
Babe you are finger licking good like this donut.
Babe you are like a donut I thought I was on a diet but I don't care anymore.
Babe I am ready to put some jam in your donut.
Babe my eyes are glazed all over you.
Baby I love you like I love donuts.
Baby you are the jelly on my donut.
Be my donut and I will fill your holes.
Do or Donut? I will just do you.
Do you know whats good in bed? Donut and sex.
Do you prefer donut or just nuts? I have both at my place.
Do you want to get donut or do you want to be the donut?
Donut and coffee for an amazing date?
Donut and sex?
Donut take this the wrong way I just wanna sprinkle you with with sugar and spice.
Donut you know how much I want you?
Donuts love coffee you got some donuts and can I buy you some coffee.
Girl I am ready to sprinkle some magical love on you.
Girl you are a donut and I could eat donuts all night long.
Girl you must be the donut that I have been looking for my pants are getting tight.
Girl I am a donut without you you make me whole.
Girl you donut know how much I want you.
Have you seen a hot dog through a donut? I can give you a good show tonight.
How do you like your donuts? Glazed or frosted?
I am a donut and you are a donut hole I want you inside me.
I am a donut without you all empty in the middle.
I am glazy about you.
I am ready to fill you up with some of my magical cream.
I donut care about anything when I am with you.
I donut know what happened last night I just knew you were hot and sweet.
I know how to make that donut taste even better some of my man frosting.
I love you like I love my donuts.
I want to call you mine for the hole lifetime.
I want to cover you with my glaze like a donut.
I’d like to be the donut jelly that melts in your mouth.
If I were that donut you are eating then I would already be inside you. 
If this donut is my meal then you would be my dessert.
Let's get some sweat on that sweet donut of yours.
No sugarcoating needed I am totally in love with you.
Oh babe you are my sugar sweet donut.
Seeing you make me melt like jelly on a hot donut.
Sex is like donut you know its bad for you but it feels so good. Want some donut?
This donut hole isn't the only hole that I will be having tonight.
Want to get some donut and coffee and perhaps sex after?
Whatever sprinkles your donut I got some of that sweet loving.
You are hotter than donut grease.
You are like a donut. Once I taste you I can’t stop.
You are one dough-able donut.
You are the coffee to my donut you complete me.
You are the hole that complete my donut.
You wake up my taste buds like a tasty donut.
Babe I am down for some fishy business for your pleasure.
Babe I heard you like it raw.
Babe I love you like I love my sushi I want to roll you up and eat you raw all night long.
Babe I want to put my eel sauce all over your sashimi.
Babe want this hand roll as the perfect happy ending.
Beautiful wanna play hide the temaki?
Do you want some sushi?
Do your panties smell like fish because I like sushi.
Does your pussy smell like fish? I love my sushi.
Forget about foreplay and filler rice let's get straight to sashimi.
Girl are you sushi you sure are soFISHticated.
Girl I heard you love sushi and raw fish and I happen to make the best raw human roll.
Girl do you want some of this eel?
Hey girl I want a raw taste of your flavor sauce.
How about we take this sushi home and see if we can get some raw action.
I am soy into you.
I am sushi eat me.
I want my girls like my sushi raw.
If I wrap myself with seaweed would you eat me?
If you love sushi you will definitely love MAKIng out with me.
Let's roll in bed.
Miso hungry for you.
My love for you is like my love for sushi
My roll grows every time I see you.
No more Mr. Rice guy I am going for raw end of the deal.
Ready for some raw action tonight?
Soy happy to roll with you in bed.
Sushi is not the only thing raw that you will taste tonight.
Time for some sushi Wassa Bae.
Wanna make some sticky rice?
Want sushi to go and chill?
What is your favorite position? Nigiri Maki or Uramaki?
What's your favorite roll? Dragon rainbow penis?
Why don't you take some clothes off and have a raw good time.
Why use wasabi when you are so hot already?
You are soy beautiful.
You are the seaweed to my sushi rice.
You are the Wasabi to my sushi.
Your raw body would look better rolled up in my bedsheets.
Come on babe I'll satisfy your hunger and make you feel cheap and ashamed afterwards.
Come up to my room I'll open the package add some water and show you a good time with my cup noodle.
Do you love ramen? Me too from the instant I met you.
Do you want some ramen?
Girl I am soft from your hotness.
Girl I want to pour my ramen into your bowl.
Hey baby want three minutes of instant salty broth goodness in your mouth?
Hey girl you handle my noodle just right.
Hey girl your ramen still needs more topping let's get me on top of you.
How does Ramen flirt? They send noods.
I am a hopeless Ramen-tic for you.
I could never get tired of ramen if you are the topping on it.
I like my ramen noodle naked hot and bold.
I love ramen just like I love you I'll shoyu.
I only need one topping in my life and baby that is you.
I ramenbered how much I love you.
Is it safe to say ramen is from Japan? So to get some I will I need to get in Japanties.
Is the soup hot? Oh wait it's just you.
My ramen needs a little more topping. Can you be that for me?
My ramen noodle gets extra firm for you.
Naked ramen zero broth and all flavor.
No matter how you like ramen I'll be firm and soft until you are satisfied.
Ramen love with you.
Slurp me.
The best ramen that you will ever have is this men.
Want a taste of this thick tonkotsu broth made with sweet lovin?
What flavor soup base? I am Soy into you.
What topping? You're eggactly what I'm looking for.
You are my favorite topping in this ramen shop.
You eat Ramen Noodles well I'll be Ramen my noodle in you later .
You make Mi So happy.
All I want is Vitamin B with you.
Are you multivitamin? Because you have everything that I need.
Are you omega-3? Because you support my healthy heart.
Are you stressed? I heard Magnesium and Vitamin D vitamin helps and ...sex helps too.
Are you vitamin C? I am getting sick missing you.
Are you vitamin deficient? I know a way to pump some into you.
Babe are you calcium pill because you made my bone hard.
Did you get some magnesium supplement? Because you are totally magnetic.
Do you need Vitamin Me?
Girl are you an iron supplement? Because you got my blood flowing.
I am down for anything including that sweet Vitamin A(ss) of yours.
I don't need no vitamin complex all I want is just simply You.
I got some Vitamin D for you.
I know that you want me bad but do not chew before swallowing.
My doctor said that I'm deficient in vitamin U. The only cure is if you vitamin C me.
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
What vitamin are you looking for? I heard semen is made out plenty of proteins vitamin and mineral and I happen to have some with me right now. Want some?
You do not need anymore Chili Pepper Extracts because babe you are already HOT.
You must be a vitamin because I cannot function without you.
You must be regulated by the FDA because you treat cure and prevent my broken heart.
Baby are you an antioxidant? Because you keep this free radical in check.
If you ask me what kind of vitamin are you I want you to be VitaMIN E.
Are you Choco Taco? Because everyone wants you.
Are you made of ice cream? Because I can't wait to eat you up!
Baby I want you to be the Baskin to my Robbins the Ben to my Jerry my Dairy Queen of Queens.
Baby you must've just been churned because you are looking so fresh.
Call me a dentist because you are too sweet.
Can I double stuff your ice cream sandwich?
Can I have a waffle cone and 2 scoops of you.
Come on baby sex is like ice cream: Even if it's bad it's still pretty good.
Cone me.
Do you like cherry on top? If not can I have yours?
Do you like frozen yogurt/ice cream? Because you have it around your lips.
Do you want fries with that milk shake!
Every time I see you I feel my cream get whipped my banana get split and my spoon get licked.
Have you had a 8' Popsicle before? Would you want to?
Hey baby you want to share a banana split? Split your legs and let me pop your cherry.
How about I dip my frozen yogurt in your hot fudge?
I brought you a small spoon in case you wanted to sample my flavor.
I got ice cream upstairs. Wanna fuck?
I have a 10' ice cream cone baby why don't you lick it?
I have a bunch of Klondike bars back at my place.
I like my women like I like my ice cream fat free and dripping down my fingers.
I love you like how I love my sorbet – juicy.
I love you more than ice cream.
I melt with you.
I must be made of pecan pralines because I am NUTS for you!
I scream you scream we both scream because we were meant to be together.
I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
I'll be the Burger King and you'll be the Dairy Queen You treat me right and I'll do it your way.
I'm not here to play mind games. Except brain freeze.
If you were a frozen yogurt flavor which flavor would you be? Salted caramel. Salted caramel? You were supposed to say vanilla I was gonna say chocolate and then I was gonna say we should swirl sometime.
If you were ice cream you would be my favorite flavor.
If you're Rocky Road then I would love to pave you.
Is that a bomb pops/drumstick in your pocket or you are happy to see me?
It must be hot in here because you're making me melt.
Lick me I'm mint!
One scoop of me plus one scoop of you equals a big bowl of cute.
our legs are like banana split I want to spread them and eat the creamy good stuff in the middle.
Q: How did Reese eat her ice cream? A: Witherspoon.
Q: How do astronauts eat their ice creams? A: In floats!
Q: What did the newspaper say to the ice cream? A: What's the scoop
Q: What do you get from an Alaskan cow ? A: Ice Cream
Q: What do you get if you divide the circumference of a bowl of ice cream by its diameter? A: Pi a'la mode.
Q: What happens after you eat an entire gallon of 'All Natural' ice cream? A: You get Breyer's remorse!
Q: Why don't they make ice cream from breast milk? A: It's an utterly bad idea!
Some people call them sprinkles. Some call them jimmies. I call them OBSTACLES on the path from me to you!
What else did one ice cream scoop say to the other?
What is the difference between gelato and ice cream?
When it comes to building our own sundae I say we hold the cherry and each other.
Would you like to come back to my place and eat ice cream and watch cartoon?
Would you like to go grab some Gelato?
You are like the sprinkles on my ice cream.
You are on my list of things I'd do for a Klondike bar.
You can't buy happiness but you can buy ice cream which is kinda the same thing.
You can't spell Ice Cream without 'M-E'!
You could never be ice cream because you are too hot!
You look all natural. I bet you say that to all the sherbets...
You look like a bowl of ice cream I just gotta spoon you.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
You must be a gelato because you make ice creams look bad.
You must be frozen yogurt because I want to spoon you.
You must be Oreo Ice Cream Sandwich because I want to lick you your smooth cookies n' cream filling.
You put the 'hot' in hot fudge sundae.
You're so smooth you're making me lose my chips!
You're the mini-cherry on top of the regular cherry on top of the sundae of awesomeness that is my life.
Your like 7-11 everyone gets a slurp and I think its my turn
Your serve is so soft but your cone is so firm.
Anybody ever tell you that you look a lot like Denise Minger?
Are you kidding me? My omega 6 to 3 ratio is fricking Okinawan.
Baby I can turn your world 180 degrees Matt Stone style.
Baby I have the best grassfed butter in town.
Clearly your LDL is of the large fluffy kind. Very impressive indeed.
Come on over to my place I've got a free trial of a very expensive protein shake.
Come over to my place and you can milk my cow.
Come over tonight and I'll show you what the posterior kinetic chain is really good for.
Did you hear the one about Dr. Davis and the butter churn?
Don't worry my Room is pitch black and sound insulated.
Got any paleo in ya? Want about 7 inches?
Have you seen the latest studies linking Sex to improved insulin sensitivity?
Hey baby I usually go full paleo but even I can 't resist those buns.
Hey girl breakfast was delicious. No one could have guessed you'd hidden raw liver in my smoothie.
Hey girl I know how you feel about refined carbohydrates. So instead of buying you chocolates. I got you 50 lbs of raw organic grassfed butter.
Hey girl this local raw unfiltered honey is twice as sweet as white sugar but it’s still not as sweet as you.
Hey girl. Let’s do it tonight. Let’s finally set up that kombucha continuous brew system.
Hey girl. You were right. Beet kvass is a better pairing for duck liver pâté than red wine.
Hey girl. You’ve filled all the GAPS in my heart and soul with your bone broth ghee sauerkraut juice and nut bread.
Hey baby how about some primal reenactment?
I believe in getting in touch with my primal side as often as possible
I can dead lift twice your bodyweight - so come over to my cave so I can workout
I couldn't help but notice that you don't use deodorant.
I eat only the finest of free-range meats
I like my meat raw of course
I like to go as bare as possible...when running...
I love your primal body.
I make incredible Paleo Chili. Ill show you the 'secret ingredient'.
I make sure to use every part of the animal
I put coconut oil on everything
I'll show you mine if you show me yours - vitamin D levels that is.
I'm not afraid of commitment – my fridge is stuffed with Kerrygold.
I'm not just Paleo I'm Paleo 2.0.
I'm totally Paleo. Nothing but water and Flintstones Vitamins.
I've got bacon.
I've got some ideas for High Intensity Exercise....
If you're going to regret this in the morning we can sleep until the afternoon.
It's getting late we'd better get you to bed quick before your Melatonin becomes disrupted.
Let's limbo--how low (carb) can you go?
Lets go back to your place and grind some organ meat. Or we can go to mine. I'll give you the best brain you've ever had.
Listen. I don't like to talk bad about anybody behind their back but you don't want to get with that dude. He's not your type. He eats margarine.
Monogamy is for agrarians
Pardon me are you bio-available?
Speaking of Free the Animal I have an amazing collection of food porn back at my place.
This is the best steakhouse in town...according to Peter at Hyperlipid.
Want me to slip some organ meat into your chili?
Why don't you come over to my place tonight and show me how you make beef jerky?
Would you like Steak or Eggs with your Bacon?
Would you like to come up and see my etchings of Chesterton?
Yeah I read Jimmy Moore's menus.
You are as pretty as the cover of Chronicles.
You are like honey on my bacon.
You are looking fine in those Vibrams.
You can butter my bacon baby!
Are you a cup of hot Tazo tea? Because I barely notice you at Starbucks.
Are you a Frappuccino? Because I want to be that whipped cream on the top.
Are you a Gingersnap/Eggnog Latte? Because I want to bring you home for the holiday.
Are you a Starbucks Refresher? Because you are a hidden gem.
Are you from Starbucks? Because i like you a latte.
Be my lonely Starbucks lover.
Careful you're extreme hot
Do you ever feel ripped off when you pay $1.50 for brewed coffee?
Do you have any idea what a Starbuck is?
Do you know if they have hamburgers here?
Do you know what else is trenta?
Do you think Columbia is mad at Seattle for being the new mecca for coffee?
Do you think Mr. Starbuck really drinks Sanka?
Do you think Starbucks has a secret recipe like Coca-Cola and they keep it locked in a safe somewhere?
Doesn't Starbucks sound like an ancient Roman god Starbuck god of coffee beans and stimulants?
Doesn't the smell of coffee and hip-retro music want to make you fall in love?
Excuse me is it you or my coffee that's getting my heart rate up?
Girl you better order a Trenta coffee because guess what is going to keep you up all night later.
Hey girl are you a chai? Because I’d like to get dirty.
Hey girl are you a faulty French press? Because I’d like to be burned by you and recall you afterwards.
Hey there did someone request a little extra whip?
Hey if I bought you a drink would you let me sit here for several hours and work on this screenplay?
Hey wait give me another shot!
Hey was your daddy a barista? Because you are ALMOST what I ordered.
How many coffee beans do you think go into one espresso shot?
How would you like your coffee in the morning?
I like my coffee like I like my men: either tall or with a confusing Italian name.
I like my girl like my chai tea – tall and dirty.
I like you about 1/18 as much as I like a Pumpkin Spice Latte which is to say 'I love you forever let’s get married.'
I love woman that can appreciate good coffee.
I love you frizzio
I love your green apron.
I might not be a hipster but I love seeing you at Starbucks everyday.
I never thought that I would meet the woman of my dreams at a coffee joint. Am I dreaming?
I will follow you wherever you go as long as there is Starbucks.
I will keep you warmer than any Starbucks ever has. Seriously though would you like to cuddle?
I’d take you to coffee but your Starbucks drink order embarrasses me.
If you are an espresso shot I would be so addicted to you that I have to attend Coffee Anonymous program.
Is that a trenta ice coffee under your coat or are you happy to see me?
Let's go back to my place and Frappuccino.
Let's occupy Starbucks instead.
My blood type is Starbucks.
No amount of Starbucks Coffee could keep me awake like you do.
Tell me where you are sitting. I want to sit next to you.
There might be a Starbucks at every corner but I only love the one with you.
Wanna Pike up your life?
Want some non-dairy creamer?
What do you think the chances are that the government owns Starbucks and they're putting mind-altering drugs into the coffee to manipulate our very existence?
What's your favorite Starbucks drink?
Who is this Starbuck guy anyway?
Who knew they start selling panini here? Can I get you one?
Would you hold it against me if I told you that you are hotter than this cup of coffee?
Wouldn't it be nice if we can start our own local micro-bean farms?
You are sweeter than the s'more Frappuccino!
You warm my heart more than the salted caramel hot chocolate in a cold winter day.
Are you a bread dough? Because I'd knead you.
Are you a frito because your really corny
Are you an assorted cheese platter? Because I want to taste every part of you.
Are you espresso? Because I like you a latte.
Are you interested in a fromage a trois?
Are you into salads? Because I think I’m falling in lovage.
Baby do you like deli meat? Come back to my place and I will let you try the sausage.
Baby I love you like a fat man loves premium deli meat!
Bag it and tag it.
Bet you've never seen a kielbasa like that huh?
Can I double stuff your pastrami sandwich?
Can I have a waffle cone and 2 scoops of you.
Can I sprinkle some sea salt on your salad?
Can you pass the coffee and sugar because you just made me cream in my pants
Can you put some hot sauce on my meat loaf I need some spice in my life
Come on baby sex is like meat loaf: Even if it's bad it's still pretty good.
Do like meat and ass? Can i stick my meat in your ass
Do you know the difference between a sandwich and a blow job? No! Well in that case D'ya wanna do lunch?
Do you like Bacon? Wanna strip?
Do you like Braunschweiger girl? because I'd put my wiener between those buns
Do you like chocolate because your gonna choke a lot on this dick
Do you like Cool Whip on your pie because its gonna be Cool to whip this dick in yo face
Do you like corned beef? If not can I have yours?
Do you like Jalapenos?...Because in a minute imma be jalapeno pu**y.
Do you like pudding? Because after I finish my sandwich I'll be pudding this dick in your mouth
Do you prefer Espresso or brewed coffee for your morning coffee?
Do you wanna come over? I'm feeling provolonely.
Do you want chips with that sandwich?
Do you want to sandwich? My salami in your buns.
Dressing on the side?
Girl you're sweet as the cookie that I get with my sandwich can I taste u 'Now And Later'
Girl your like a candy bar half nuts n half sweet!
Girl......you are like a tall glass of water. And im telling youuuu straight up im thirsty.
God put as much work into you as a fine piece of artisan cheese.
Gurl you remind me of a box of chocolates.....(Why?) Cause I want to take your top off.
Gurl you should sell beerwurst. Because you already know how to make a wiener stand.
Have you ever stuck a sausage through a bagel? Do you want to?
Hershey factories make millions of kisses a day but I'm asking for only one.
Hey they call me coffee because I grind so fine
Hey babe how about some prosciutto and some sex? [Slap] HEY! What's wrong you don't like prosciutto?
Hey baby do you want to get lunch or do you want to be lunch?
Hey girl you look real gouda.
Hey girl your butte is outta this world.
Hey you thirsty because I can give you the Sunny-D
Holy guacamole I'd love for you to pad thai me up place your hot dog between my buns and do your Worcestershire to me.
How about a 12' hot Italian
How about a little slap and tickle with your soup and pickle
How about a ride on the bologna pony?
How about we check out the new deli and write about it on my food blog?
How hot does your gas oven get?
I always read the Menu because there is always me and you
I am NOT a bologna sandwich.
I can last as long as a Mozzarella cheese.
I can't control myself around you. You turn me into a muenster.
I could rack my grain and still wouldn't be able to think of a prettier girl than you.
I don't know much about sandwich but DAMN you make the cheese melts inside my grill cheese sandwich
I don't mean to brag but I'm grate in bread.
I got an extra slice for you.
I have a bunch of fresh cut roast beef back at my place.
I have got your pound of meat right here baby.
I just scored a rare sampling of imported olive oils; wanna come back to my place for a tasting?
I know milk does a body good but damn girl how much have you been drinking?
I know we just met but will you reuben me?
I like my women like I like my Mortadella cured and packed with olives.
I love the way you move...like butter on a bald monkey.
I love you l like a hot stove baby! I will put a bun in your oven!
I may acting like a ham but you can be rest assured I'm 100% kosher.
I wanna butter your toast and eat you for breakfast.
I wanna open your bread basket and eat a BOLOGNA sandwich.
I want to grow mold with you. Just like blue cheese.
I want you more then a smoothie on a hot summer day.
I would love to relish you.
I would so make your sandwich
I'd take you to the deli but there's nothing more delicatessen than you
I'll have the club sandwich and fries and your number to go.
I'm a master baker.
I'm a stud muffin baby why don't you take a bite?
I'm German do you want to see my weinerschnitzel?
I'm going to make you breakfast...Omelet you suck this dick.
I'm like chocolate pudding I may not look that good but I taste great
I've gotta thirst baby and you smell like my milkshake
I’m local all natural homemade and certified organic: wanna taste?
I’m new in town where’s the best place to get late night BLT?
If I was a chalkboard would you write the daily special on me?
If it's true that we are what we eat I could be you by morning!
If sexy were sandwich. you would be double stacked.
If this were an artisan meat market I would take you home for dinner.
If you get with me I can promise more than just a gouda time.
If you were a salad I would drizzle a balsamic reduction all over you.
If you were going to open a deli what would you call it? Mine would be Devour.
If your lips are foreign imported wine then I want to get savor each sip.
Insert meat and mayo here.
Is that a pickle in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is your Daddy a baker? Because your buns are fantastic!
Just add dressing.
Keep me in the fridge till you want me.
Let's ditch this party and hit the after-Havarti at my place.
Let's do breakfast tomorrow. Should I call you or nudge you?
Let's just stay in and curdle tonight.
Let’s pretend you’re a potato salad and I’ll be a spoon. Can I dig in now?
Lunch is on me. I know the best deli in town.
Mmm girl! You so sweet I'm gonna get diabetes!
My crush on you makes me crumble like feta.
Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
Oh are you craving sausage? Because I'll gladly give you my organic sausage.
Oh my God that is the hottest thing ever. You made me a sandwich?
Omelette you in on a secret. You and I would brie perfectly gouda. Life would be feta if we were togetha. We'll be grate.
Please brie my valentine.
See this slice of bread? You are the best thing in here since that.
So do you like Italian or salami? [choose one] because i need to know what kind of sandwiches to order you for lunch.
The best buns in town just walked in the door.
Wanna spend the night at my cottage?
We can sandwich toast to orgasms.
What's a nice girl like you doing in a meat market like this
Will you let me be the avocado in your turkey sandwich?
Without you my heart feels like swiss cheese – full of holes.
Would you let me cater your event? I want to taste every part of you.
You & Me. Sounds like a great idea or maybe the name of the next hot deli. You in?
You are a stack of cold cut - without you my sandwiches will be meaningless.
You are my missing ingredient.
You are sexy enough to make me a sandwich.
You are the cheese to my macaroni.
You like making sandwiches?
You look gouda nuff to eat.
You look like a bowl of macaroni salad I just gotta spoon you.
You look like a piece of pastry inside the glass display case that I'm dying to get a piece of.
You look so good I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit!
You looking at me is making me turn as red as that roasted beet salad.
You make me melt like cheese in the Hot Capicola Sandwich.
You must be potato salad because you're making my mouth watery.
You remind me of fast food because I want to take you out and then eat you in my car.
You sound like a delicious deli sandwich that I am hungry for.
You're hotter and sweeter than that Capicolla
You're like a fancy French cheese. Some people find your strong aroma offensive but I know it just means you're high quality.
You're like a Pringles. Once I pop you I can't stop you!
You're the Colby to my Monterey Jack.
You’re like my favorite candy bar half sweet half nuts.
You’re looking so sweet you’ve got my eyes glazed over like honey ham.
You’re so cute I could bottle you up in a tip jar.
You’re spicier than jalapeno.
Your eyes are as effervescent as this sparkling water.
Your intellect turns me on. You're sharp as cheddar.
Your legs are like mayonnaise smooth creamy and easy to spread.
Your name must be Candy… Because you look so sweet.
Your name must be Coca Cola because you're so-da-licious
Your skin is smoother than the finest panna cotta.
Your so fine I want to pour milk all over you and make you part of my complete breakfast.Am I an imposter? You have to spend the night with me to know.
Are you a nurse? Because I want you to be my MedBay.
Are you a task? Because all I want to do is you.
Are you a vent? Because I can totally dig into you.
Are you an imposter? Because you just done sabotaged my mind.
Are you in navigation? You just chart a course to my heart.
Are you the imposter? Because you just broke me.
Babe I will close the door if it locks the both of us together.
Babe, an angel is among us. And that is not me.
Babe, are you an asteroid? Ready for my incoming laser?
Babe, this is not a gun in my pocket. I am just happy to see you.
Babe, you hold the wires that jumpstart my heart.
Babe, your sweet body is running around my mind on the cam.
Be my crewmate forever.
Can you come to the med bay with me? Only your love can fix my heart.
Damn girl, it is important to fix Comms. How about you give me your number?
Damn girl, you meltdown my heart. Are you the reactor sabotage?
Did you just fix the electrical? Because you are stunning.
Did you sabotage O2 because you take my breath away 
Did you sabotage the shield? Because all of my guards are down.
Girl I am going to break down your wall.
Girl, all the maps lead to you.
Girl, I need you to fix my wires hanging out.
Girl, I voted you into my heart at first sight.
Girl, I will never the the imposter with you.
Girl, you need a kill cooldown. Because you just owned me.
I am not an imposter. My feeling for you is true.
I didn’t vent but if you’re in there, I would.
I want to align our inner engine outputs.
I want to procrastinate on my tasks and just watch you at Security.
I will scour the deepest ends of you.
If you were in the cafeteria, you would be the only snack I choose from the vending machine.
It's only Polus because us are in it.
It's time to navigate this to the bedroom.
Let's be sus together as one.
My soul has left the game with you.
No one can sabotage the love between you and I.
No sabtoged comms will stop me from reading your mind.
No tasks are too tiring with you around.
Somebody call an emergency meeting. I think I finally found the one.
Someone might have sabotaged the lights, but you are still my shiny star.
That scan cannot show all the love I have for you.
The next task is to connect with your heart.
The only task I want is you.
The only thing that would separate us is the reactor.
There's so much electribity between us we can power the whole ship.
Vote me off anytime, because I would die for you.
Were you in navigation, because you led me to you.
Where is the body? I just know that I am missing my heart.
Without you, I feel like a dead body in electrical.
Would you be the Witness to my Medbay Scan?
You are not just a crewmate, you are my soulmate.
You must be Sus. I saw you break my heart the other day.
Your shield is no match for me.
You're sabotaging my O2 levels because you are breathtaking.
Are you a geo? I want you because you are down to earth.
Are you a pyro? Because you are smoking hot.
Are you electro? Because you are so stunning.
Are you hydro? Because you a make me wet.
Babe you a pyro, you heat me up.
Babe, are you weaker to burst damage or damage over time?
Babe, do me like a dutiful maid would.
Babe, Genshin Impact destroyed my wallet. I would rather spend on you instead.
Babe, how many exp would I get if I smash that pussy?
Babe, time to switch and combo our elements together.
Babe, you are my 5-star.
Babe, you are my final quest.
Babe, you are my top tier.
Babe, you are the final entry in my Adventure's Handbook. And I would like to complete it.
Check out this 5 star unit in my pants.
Did you have fun with Genshin Impact? I know a game more fun called Smashin' Impact?
Enough of Co-op in game, how about we do some co-op in bed?
Forget about rolling the banners, how about we roll between the sheets.
Generate my orbs and I'll unload some elemental burst to blow your mind.
Girl, I got several characters in my team. My finger, tongue, and dick. Ready for some combo play?
Girl, let's check our synergy. Do we react or resonate?
Girl, you are so refined.
Girl, you are worth it. I am going to blow all my resin on you tonight.
Girl, you got zero resistance nor immunity to the weapon in my pants.
Girl, you made my wish come true when I rolled you.
Girl, you must be from the beautiful goddess banner.
Girl, you teleported into my heart.
I am down to explore your Abyssal Domain any time.
I can be the main DPS and you can support my attacks.
I would hit that level cap of yours to make you ascend all night long.
I'll never want to re-roll you in my life.
Offer your spirit to my hard statue bade, I'll give you some permanent buffs.
The only gacha I want is you.
Want to check out my ultimate combo to DPS that sweet pussy of yours?
You are my one and only wish.
You are the latest character in my life. Girl I am ready to destroy my wallet to wish you into my world.
You know what is better than plant life? We make our own life.
You must be a hydro because your beauty drowns me.
You must be anemo because your beauty blows me away
Your beauty shocked me, you must be an electro.
Your body is my shrine, I am going to hit all of them.
Are you a party girl? I'll show you a good time with my bubble wand.
Are you a plantera? Because I am ready to deflower you.
Are you into dungeon play?
Are you ready for the special event, let's see how many waves of this Old One's army that you can take.
Babe, my suspicious looking tentacle is ready to expose nearby treasures underneath your shirt.
Babe, want to give this infinite drill mount a ride of a life time?
Babe, want to start a new world together?
Babe, you are rainbow tier.
Babe, you hooked my soul with first sight.
Babe, your Wall of Flesh gets me into Hard Mode fast.
Check out my awesome pickaxe.
Did you just dig a long tunnel? Because babe I am killed from falling for you.
Did you just use the bewitching table? Because you just got me as your minion.
Get ready, a new wave of me is coming.
Girl you so sexy, you made my Skeletron into Skeletron Prime.
Girl, are you ready to go deep with me?
Girl, do you want to play dirty?
Girl, I could work you all night long on my crafting stations.
Girl, I will dig all over the world to find the perfect gem for you.
Girl, I will get you so high so that you reach the floating island.
Girl, what item do I need to give in order to mount you?
Girl, you need some wood?
I can build a home with you with all my hearts.
I got the hammer and I am ready to use it on you any time.
I got the hearts for you.
I will dig to the center of the biome for you.
Let's get some Terraria PvP action going, in bed.
Let's take our relationship to the next level, ready for some multiplayer terraria?
My favorite biome is wherever your spawn point is.
My life is empty, you are the life crystal and life fruit that completes me.
No it's not the eye of Cthulhu, it's just my balls.
No matter where you are, I will travel the entire Terraria world to find you.
Only you can stop the spread of hallow in my world.
Ready for some corrupting tonight?
Slime is falling from the sky! I can make more where that comes from.
So, which biome do I need to frequent to meet you?
Spawn point set in my bed. Girl use that magic mirror now.
The air is getting colder around you…Let me give you some of my warmth.
This Destroyer is going to give your pussy a good time.
This is going to be a terrible night…until you met me.
Time to fight Eater of Worlds, while I become the Eater of You.
You are my sunflower that keeps me going.
You are the best loot that I have found in my life.
You feel an evil presence watching you…and I shall protect you.
You feel vibrations from deep below…yup that's my Destroyer.
A night with me will be the Death to your Purity.
All Atlas maps lead me to you.
Are you a follower of Innocence? I am here to challenge your faith.
Are you PoE, because I can grind and farm you all night long.
Are you ready to be harvested by my thirst?
Babe, I am Kitava for your bod.
Babe, you really buff me. You gave me Endurance Charge, Frency Charge, and Power Charge.
Babe, you so hot you stun me with your looks.
Come have some little exchange with me in my hideout.
Do you prefre me to finish inside or use portal out method?
Do you want my melee, projectile, or magic attack?
Girl you are so hot, what is the drop rate of your pants?
Girl, did you just die? Because I'll be naked with you at the Beach.
Girl, I don't care what you have been through. I will make incursion into your past and improve our love.
Girl, I got some skill gems to slot into your gears.
Girl, I got the Jeweller's orb that can insert some sockets into you.
Girl, I want to enter into your Lord's Labyrinth every day.
Girl, I will use my fusing orb to get some sweet links with your sockets.
Girl, my corrupted orbs are ready to brick your gears.
Girl, we are in the same league, want to party and have a good time?
Girl, what I am about to do will penetrate your shield.
Girl, you are the only one who can bring an end to my Hunger.
Girl, you got negative resistance against my Chaos attack.
Hey Exile, want to call my home yours?
I am a cyclone boy that can mess you up on the inside.
I am Zana the Master Cartographer, ready to map out your entire body.
I feel your passion igniting and burning me.
I want to delve into that sweet Azurite Mine of yours, deep into the depth and unknown.
I want to turn your deserted land into some sweet Wetlands.
I will be your minion forever.
If love is Eternal, I'd never restore you.
If you are a recipe, I would do you anytime on my crafting table.
I'll carry you through any boss, and in bed.
Meeting you, I have finally fulfilled the prophecy.
My love for you will get through any item filter.
Ready to get to that next Ascendency class tonight?
So, which guardians do I need to defeat to get the keys into your heart?
Summon me any time.
Take missions from you Master.
Wanna feel my Gem in your Socket?
Want me to save you from the evils of Wraeclast? Then show me your boobs.
Want to check out my Uber DPS two handed weapon?
Want to play hardcore? I can get you off in one try.
Want to see my scepter of god exile?
Want to see the Divination Card I just got? It's you.
Want to see who can race to the finish?
With me, you never have to SSF anymore, you could party with my D any time.
You are absolutely stunning! You are why i spec into Unwavering Stance!
You are the Atlas of the Worlds to me.
You are the flicker-strike to my multi-strike
Your evasion and dodge is no match for my critical strike.
Are you a DIY recipe? Because I would rather do you myself in the comfort of my personal island.
Are you a hacker for Animal Crossing? Because you just made this softwood into hardwood.
Are you a Turnip? Because I am checking you out every day and spoil you on Sunday.
Are you free? My island's turnip price is 624 now.
Are you ready for a long adventure? My golden tools last longer than anyone.
Are you Tom Nook? Because I want to go into crippling debt with you.
Are you using the island design app? Because you just got the permit to transform my heart.
Are you Wisp? Offer me something that I don't have yet, and I will say I want you.
Babe, did you just make a wish? My Star Wand is here to make your clothes fall off.
Babe, I want to plant my seeds in you.
Babe, no House is A-Ok, we can do it in the tent.
Did you plant pitfall seeds? Because you made me fall for you.
Do you fly often to other islands? My gate is always open for you.
Feel free to shake my tree anytime, but can I pick your flowers?
Girl I got bells.
Girl, I am no Crazy Redd, the only love I have for you is real.
Girl, I could use my vaulting pole across your rivers all night long.
Girl, I want to craft some sweet loving with you on my workbench.
Girl, I want to hammer you and craft you all night long.
Girl, shake my wood for some tasty rewards.
Girl, the only villager I want on my island is you.
Girl, you are adorable five stars.
Girl, you could have these iron nuggets anytime you want.
Hey babe, want to reach for my hard to get tarantula?
Hey babe, why don't you open up those gates and let me come in.
How do I unlock you as a villager?
I am tired of online play, let's take our relationship to the next level with party play.
I can visit your island all day long.
I don't need any special events, because every day spent with you is special.
Is it too soon too invite you to live on my island?
It's time to take our relationship to the next level, let's be Best Friends.
Let's be Best Friends so I could dig up your island and deflower you.
My island is missing an important villager, you.
Nice island you got there.
Out of everyone's island, I love yours the most because it is the only one with you in it.
There is always space on my island for this sexy lady.
Want to see how I could make your Manilla clams squirt?
What bait do I need to catch this rare beauty of yours?
You are the New Horizon that I have been looking for all my life.
You are the perfect piece of art. Every time I see you my face gets Crazy Redd.
Your heart is my mystery island, I long for it every night.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Babe, my loot stash is not complete without you.
Babe, would you like to join my stream? Physically.
Do you know why you’re so full of sugar these days? Because you’re the sweetest!
Everyone out here is for the game, but the only thing I care about is you.
Girl, do you play game of life? Because I can watch you all night long any time.
Girl, do you want more than Just Chatting?
Girl, you so fine your booty is the best loot tonight.
Girl, you want to turn this VR game into a real life interactive one?
I hate FPS games because whenever I’m in game with you, I can’t take my eyes of you.
I have subscribed to you at first sight.
I heard you stream horror games? Great because my life would be scary without you.
I never want to stream against without you.
I want you to be my number 1 streamer for the rest of my life.
If you ever doubt yourself dear, believe in me… I am your biggest fan.
I'll carry you to anywhere you want, including my bed.
Let’s flip a coin, heads you’re mine, tail I’m yours!
Let's have a 1vs1 in any game you want.
No matter where you stream, I am where you are.
Now I know where to spend the rest of my life, on your stream.
Wanna come back to my base and have a good time?
We are the perfect couple because we work as a unit.
When did you come? Because you just blew me away.
Where have you been all my league?
Where is the best drop point? Into your heart.
You are the reason why I stream.
You look like my next girlfriend.
You might just be a streamer in the world. But you are my entire world.
You said you can carry anyone anywhere anytime? How about carrying this dick?
Are you Aerith? Let's not let the Ancients go extinct tonight.
Are you chocobo? Because I want to ride you so bad.
Babe, everyone is side quest until I met you.
Babe, I can totally limit break on that fine ass of yours.
Babe, I will join the Avalanche to fight all the Shinras in the world for you.
Babe, no Whisper is going to stop me from being with you. It's Destiny.
Did you equip steal Materia? Because you could only steal my heart once.
Girl, I am about to come to the edge of creation.
Girl, I got Gils.
Girl, I got zero resistant nor immunity against you.
Girl, is it your turn or my turn for the punisher mode?
Girl, my Type-0 Behemoth horn is hard for you.
Girl, our materias are linked.
Girl, summon me now.
Girl, you are all the SP and EXP I desire.
Girl, you could issue command anytime without ATB bar.
I am gonna put life stream energy into your mako reactor.
I am overcharging my attack into you.
I got the perfect Materia to socket into your pants.
I had my eyes locked on you the first time I saw you.
I want to land my critical attack on that sexy bod of yours.
Issue command to allies in my bed now.
Let us defy destiny, together.
Let's get some Hojo mojo on, we need some data on your f*cking potential.
My name is Cloud, I got a big sword and I know how to swing it right.
Our world will become one…one day.
The first thing I want to do is to use Assess Materia on you.
Want to check out my focused thrust skill? I will get you to feel some Infinity's end.
Want to go to 7th Heaven?
Want to see how I could stagger attack that pressured pussy of yours?
Will you be the Aerith to my Cloud?
Will you be the Tifa to my Cloud?
Your pussy's weakness is my thrust attack.
All map packs in COD lead me to you.
Are you a flash grenade? Because you are stunning!
Are you a frag grenade, cause you just blew me away.
Are you a newb in bed? I can train you to be pro.
Are you a weapon? Because I got my X to pick you up.
Are you up for a little tactical insertion?
Are you using hax? You made me hard.
As soon as you walk in the room, I got my LOS with you babe.
Babe, I don't need no scope to land some hits on you.
Babe, I got wonderful aims with my barrel and I know how to use it.
Babe, I will always have enough ammo for you.
Babe, your hot body makes me wanna spray and pray.
Bomb me with your boobs girl.
Call me a camper, because I will always surprise you from behind.
Can I Double Tap your bouncing bombs?
Darling, you are my true duty before Call of Duty.
Do you believe at first sight? Or should I stop sniping you?
Do you come here often? Or just because of bad spawns?
Do you like my long barrel.
Do you prefer headshot, body shot, or coming inside?
Forget about CoD, let's play my Cock instead.
Full Metal Jacket is necessary for deeper penetration.
Girl are you head glitching, because just your head makes me explode.
Girl I want to capture your flag, made out of your undies.
Girl you hax my heart.
Girl, do you have sleight of hand? Because I hear you give pretty fast hand jobs.
Girl, I am going to search and destroy your strike zone.
Girl, I got a hardpoint to show you.
Girl, I want you bad no matter what your loadout is.
Girl, I'll totally give my headshots to you.
Girl, would you be interested to complete the Fucking Objective to unlock the new trophy?
Girl, you blast shield isn't strong enough for millions of mini me.
Girl, you hot IRL.
Girl, you hotter than a M2 Flamethrower.
Give me head after I land a headshot on you?
Have you fallen from heaven? You must be a care package.
How many COD points does it take to unlock on nudes?
How many shots does it take to satisfy you? I got many reloads babe.
I ain't about KDR girl, the real deal is CDR, cum dick ratio.
I ain't going to Turtling my turtle anymore.
I am a choob, want to see my true skill?
I am a straight shooter for your heart.
I am dying to double tap that wonderful underpass of yours.
I am legendary.
I am pro with both my game and my dick.
I hope your head IRL is as soft as in game.
I know how to use my guns in any position.
I must be a noob, because I want to use this tube.
I promise I won't explode quickly.
I'd die a million times for you even if it mess up my K/D ratio.
Instead of dropping the bomb in game, how about we get some action in bed?
Is your name Duty? Because I love to answer your calls.
Is your Tac resist strong enough for my 9-bang? We better test it out.
My aimbot is strong for your pussy.
My dick is FFA, come get a piece of the action.
My love for you will never get nerfed.
My predator missile is coming for you.
No pulling out, I am emptying shells into you tonight.
Oh babe you destroyed me in COD today? My turn to destroy you tonight in bed.
Ready for some KEM to your chasm?
Ready to get your pussy overkilled?
So what do I need to do in order to spawn inside you?
Some thing is wrong with my auto-aim, I can't take it off you.
That's not m60 nor Ak in my pants, I am just happy to see you.
Up for PK action in bed?
Want a private match of COD in bed?
Want to have a DM on who's coming first?
WOOT time for some
You are the only bomb that I don't mind being blown up with.
You blow me girl, like a C4.
You blow me so hard I am about to give you a headshot.
You capture my hardpoint.
You could pwn me anytime.
You looking amazing in that CoD outfit girl.
You make me hard at first scope.
You so hot you are just a shiny blob of light in thermal scope.
You sure know how to handle my grenades. I explode in seconds.
All extra lives are meaningless if they are not with you.
Are you a brick block? Because I can Ground Pound you all night long.
Are you a green mushroom, because you just gave me an 1-up in my pants.
Are you a Mario level? Because I will get you off in 300 seconds.
Are you a Mystery Box? Because I want to give you head and find out what secret you hold.
Are you a pipe? Because I would like to come inside you.
Are you Boo? Because I cannot stop looking at you.
Are you ready for a new world?
Are you ready to party? Mario Party.
Are you yoshi? Because I could mount you any time of the day.
Babe, are you a feather? Because my heart just grew a tail, and flew away.
Babe, are you a fire flower? Because you are too hot to handle.
Babe, are you a mushroom? Because girl you make me big.
Babe, no Bros are going to stop me from you.
Babe, once you turn the switch on, there is no turning back.
Babe, ready to get pierced with this Bullet Bill?
Blow this whistle and we could travel to a whole new world.
Clean out my tube good girl.
Come ride my yoshi, he is very friendly and got strong tongue action.
Did you just lose your P-wing? Because you fell out of the sky.
Do you prefer thrust dashing or just stumping?
Do you wonder what a naked Princess Peach would look like? Let's give you a tiara and find out.
Don't be afraid, the world is amazing if I could just pop your bubble.
Feel free to touch my flagpole anytime, and I will shoot sweet white fireworks at you.
Forget about that Luigi, go for this stud Mario.
Girl a night with me is like the Rainbow Road straight to your Star World.
Girl are you Nabbit? Because you have stolen my heart and run away.
Girl are you Princess Peach? Because I want to be your Mario.
Girl are you really Princess Peach? Because I want to find out what you really taste like.
Girl being with you is not just a journey, it's an Odyssey, I am in for the long haul.
Girl I heard you like to explore? How about tonight we explore some of those secret exits that are hard to find?
Girl I'll get you to orgasm Bob-omb style, you will feel the suspense of massive explosion coming.
Girl you just gave me a 1-up in my pants.
Girl, I can Thwomp you all night long.
Girl, like Mario, I would topple empires to get to you.
Girl, my tongue is like a piranha flower, ready to eat you out any time.
Girl, you got the keys to my heart.
Girl, you have given my Lil Bro wings, are you ready to see it fly?
Girl, you make my balls on fire like some Mario fireballs.
Girl, you turn this little wiggler in my pants into bad Pokey.
Girl, your beauty had turned me into a Shy Guy.
I am as high as Super Mario, and I can show you a great time.
I am going to put all of me in you girl.
I am good at fitting into tight spots, would you want a test?
I am Super Horny for you.
I could Boo you from behind all night long.
I could enter so many pipes in the room, but I am choosing you girl.
I could play Princess Peach for hours.
I don't care what color you are, I could hop on you all the same just like Yoshi.
I don't just got a Koopa Troopa in my pants, girl it's straight out bowser in there.
I have traveled worlds, lived many lives, and collected many gold coins. Will you be with me?
I just popped a Super Star, I am gonna make you have a good time in the last 60 seconds.
I save woman all the time, and tonight I will save you.
I want to lower the flag on your pole.
I would love to make some Koopalings with you.
I would travel everywhere and find all secrets to be with you.
I'd rather ride you than Yoshi babe.
I'd run all over the map to catch a star like you.
I'd spend my 100 coins on you instead of on an extra life.
I'll enter into your pipe in a heartbeat.
It's me Mario! Are you my Peach?
Let's get to the next level girl, I am ready for the challenge. How about the level with the bed?
Let's hop on that rainbow road and enjoy the amazing ride.
Like Mario, I get super powers from ordinary items, want to see how I could make you feel amazing?
My passion for you is like the Lava in Bowser's Castle.
My princess is in this castle. And I am here to conquer it.
No matter what castle you are in, I will destroy all my enemies for you.
No matter what Mario levels you make, I will always complete them.
People call me the Doctor, Doctor Mario.
Press start to join and be my player 2 at Mushroom Kingdom.
So, how many coins will it take for you to sleep with me?
That's some nice pipe you got there. Mind if I go deep and see where that leads us?
Wanna come back to my castle and eat some mushrooms?
Want to know when people call me Super? Let me show you in bed girl.
Why do they call you Princess Peach? When all you got are melons.
You are more than my Galaxy, you are my Universe.
You are the hat to my Mario, I cannot live without you.
You are the powerup to me being Super Mario, you have made everything possible.
You can play Mario all night long and I could play you instead.
You have opened the doors to my heart.
Any world is a perfect world with you.
Are you for real? Or are you just my imagination coming to life.
Are you Roblox babe? Because you are powering my imagination.
Are you single in Roblox?
Babe, I won't just be powering your imagination, I will power your whole avatar.
Babe, my imagination is not the only thing you are powering.
Babe, my virtual bedroom is open for you any time.
Babe, you make any game and I will play.
Did you just say Roblox? Cause I could play that with you for hours.
Girl are you admin, because you have banned all the other girls in my world.
Girl it's destiny, out of millions of Roblox players we met.
Girl with me, we don't need no filters.
Girl, are you a game badge? Because you are totally worth every effort.
Girl, do you play Roblox?
Girl, I am going to make you Woah at my Roblox.
Girl, I love your avatar like I love you.
Girl, you are so beautiful that you have created so much room for imagination.
Girl, you have created my world.
Go out with me for Robux.
Has anyone told you that you look beautiful in your outfit?
Hey Baby what game are you playing in Roblox, I want to be there.
Hey, I never knew this game would be so much fun, until I met you here.
I am sorry, I should have come sooner to make the game better.
I used to buy Roblox gift cards, now I just straight charge my credit card.
I'll never let you be bored in any Roblox game ever.
Isn't this magical?
Let's drop everything and move to Bloxburg.
Mind if I blox at your crib tonight?
My private server is open for you any time.
Ready for some hot Roblox date?
So, how much robux would it cost for you to go out with me?
Think, build, create, and more.
Want to party? In my game?
What are you playing tonight?
What do you think about Robux? Lots of Robux.
What do you want girl? Your wish is my command.
Whatever you are joining at 6.
What's the code to your heart?
When it comes to Roblox, I am the master creator.
With me, the possibilities are endless.
You are always the VIP in my server.
You are my imagination coming true.
You coming with me?
You know, I think I'd rather join your server.
Are you a mushroom because you are so gorgeous.
Babe, I am ready to travel deep in your Sweet Sweet Canyon.
Babe, I want to bounce on top of you like the Trampoline Mushroom.
Babe, want to see how I could turbo dash you to the finish?
Boo, I want a piece of you.
Check out my golden Mario.
Could you swallow like the Chain Chomp?
Did you just use a Mega Mushroom or are you happy to see me?
Girl I got gold.
Girl I know how to work my kart, I can get in and out of any tight spots.
Girl I'll travel to the end of Rainbow Road with you, because you are a worthy treasure.
Girl, am I accelerating too fast for you?
Girl, I know how to Rocket Start you by pushing at the exact time.
Girl, I will eat you out like Potted Piranha Plants.
Girl, no matter where you are, you are always my number one, and my blue shell will find you.
Girl, you’re the only target I want like the Shine Sprite.
Girl, your beauty had struck lightning on me.
Hey babe, time for some POW action.
Hey babe, which ever path you want to take, we are going to the end.
Hey girl, these balloons are not the only things we are popping tonight.
I am maxed coins for you.
I am ready to use my Golden Mushroom, are you?
I am Super Horny for you.
I am usually good at Mario Kart, but babe I am falling for you with every turn I take.
I hope u enjoy looking at the stars at night... cause i'll send u flying up there w/my star.
I would like to exploit you like Grumble Volcano.
I would love to make you feel blown sky high like Bob-ombs.
I'll race around the world with you anytime.
I'm a real Shy Guy but do enjoy long walks on Peach Beach.
Let's make our bedroom game more fun with these Mystery Boxes.
Let's race, I promise I'll take you to the finish first.
Let's recreate that orgasmic finishing like the Bullet Bill item.
Mushroom, flower, star, or special? The only cup I want is your cup.
My love for you is like the Mario Circuit, it's always there.
No lava in Bowser's Castle is going to stop me from getting to you.
No obstacle is going to stop me from reaching you.
One race with me and you'll find out why i'm called the Piranha Prowler.
Speed, acceleration, weight, handling, and traction, I got it all in bed. Want a test drive?
Time to whip out my banana.
Watch out babe, I am coming up behind with my Red Shells.
With you, I feel I have Star power. I am faster, stronger, and can penetrate through anything.
You can bounce on my pipe all you want.
Are you a Charizard? Cuz you're so hot you're on fire.
Are you cloud? Because you're my final fantasy.
Are you fox? Cuz you shine like the stars and set my heart on FIYAAAAH  multishine noises
Are you Kirby or Yoshi? Either way you swallow me whole.
Are you Kirby, you suck me good.
Ay girl, are you a Fox? 'Cuz you be Shinin'.
Babe, we don't need no training mode to get our smash on. Let's get down and have a great time.
Babe, your physical attacks are no match for my magical stick.
Baby you are top tier.
Baby, you make me feel like little mac; I've fallen for you, and I can't recover.
Being good at smash bro, is all about timing and positioning, with that, I learned how to smash good in bed too.
Call me Yoshi, cause I could tongue you, butt smash you, and reach for your eggs.
Can I call you Diddy Kong? Cuz you drive me bananas!
Can I call you Palutena? Cuz you're a goddess.
Can I call you Sonic? Cuz you make my heart race.
Can I call you Wario? Cuz you- wait, no, that would be insulting.
Can I Squirtle on your Pikachu?
Can I super smash you with my bros?
Did you just get hit by PK fire? Cause you are flamin'.
Did you know that love only hurts because Team Attack is on?
Did you know that this move extends, babe?
Do you prefer the perfect shield protection or the perfect dodge pull out?
Do you smash bros? I am a bro.
Do you want to rest together?
Falcon Dive into that pussy.
Forget about grinding for Spirit Points in Smash Bro, time to grind for Sex Points.
Girl are you peach? Your side B move is destroying me.
Girl you are my legendary spirit.
Girl you complete me and fill up all of the slots of my primary spirit.
Girl you must have so many people wanting you, well, consider a new fighter joins the battle today!
Girl, my sword gets stronger the closer you are to me
Girl, you ain't just another trophy in my collection.
Girl, you are my Final Destination.
Girl, you are no match for this Master Hand.
Girl, you make the Solid Snake in my pants grow bigger than Ridley eating a Super Mushroom.
Girl, you won't be able to air dodge this.
Guess why they call me master hand, it's time to take off the glove.
Help me out this sweet super smash move, and see how far I could knock you up.
Hey babe, I'll charge my smash as long as possible to take you to heaven.
Hey baby, are you Geno? Because you’re not confirmed but I want you bad.
Hey baby, I play smash bros, and was just wondering if I could be the armored suit to your Samus
Hey baby, lets climb a mountain together and You could be my Nana and I could be Popo!
Hey darling, I think you're just smashing!
Hey girl, are you a Isabella main? I would love to do you doggie style.
Hey girl, I know you want my Ridley.
Hey girl, I'm electrifying, Pikachu told me so!
Hey girl, wanna Rest together? Don't worry, I'll find that small hitbox and the knockback will be outta this world!
Hey girl, you a Fox main? Because your straight up shining.
Hey girls, let me test out my up attack versus your down smashes.
Hey, are you Roy? Because you're firing up my heart.
Hey, get in your zero suit and I'll F.L.U.D.D. your Jigglypuff.
I am falling deep for you.
I am going to make you come hard out of the world.
I am Megaman, I put on different armors and I know how to use my weapons.
I am playing single player smash now, but feel free to join me anytime.
I can be the perfect Dedede king of your Dreamland
I can teach you some of my advanced techniques.
I could toss and grab you all night long.
I don't care for free for all orgy, all I want is 1 vs 1 action with you.
I don't want anyone else except you, you are my Ultimate.
I hate to juggle, but I sure love to snuggle.
I only need one tipper to get started
I PK Love you!
I smash bros with joysticks, I smash my hoes with my sweet loving sticks.
I want to be in your pits.
I will make you cum out to the world with my Smash moves.
I work best with the tip of my sword.
I would love to pump you all night long.
I’m going to break your limits and show you a good time.
I’m going to die tomorrow, you want to be my final smash?
I'd don't even need to use PK Fire, you're already hot.
If I let you mess me up in smash, would you let me mess you up in bed?
If I was Corrin, I'd choose to be with you.
If I was Mario, would you be my Peach?
If I was Ness, you'd be my Paula cuz you've got the pk fire and I think you're pk rockin.
If I was olimar and you were a pikmin, I'd pick you first.
If we time our smashes just right, we could go off at the same time.
If we were fire emblem characters, I would definitely want to get that support conversation to S rank.
if you ask to be with mii, I'll be with U.
If you could be Zelda, and I could be your Link hero of time.
If you were a character on Smash roster, I'd choose you.
If you were peach, I wouldn't blame bowser for always wanting to kidnap you.
If you were Wii fit trainer, I think Wii would work out.
I'll break that shield you got down.
I'll explore every part of you to get to those rewards.
I'll Peek at You.
I'll show you what I can do with the tip of my sword.
I'm falling for you over the ledge.
Is that a beam sword in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Is that a missile in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?'
Is your heart ready for a new challenger?
Let me have one grab and i'll drop zone you to heaven
Let me quickly filling up your FS Meter, so you could fully enjoy that strong Final Smash experience.
Let's get to my place to continue this combo.
Let's get to Smash quick play.
Let's just say I know all the techniques to hit all your sensitive spots and controls.
Let's Pound and then Rest.
Let's practice our hit boxes in person.
Let's try Meteor Smash into your bed?
Mario is Red, Sonic is Blue. Press start to join and you will be my player two.
Mind if I call you Lucas? Cuz I pk love you.
My reflector isn't the only thing that can come out in 1 frame
My shell is not the only thing with spikes on it. For her pleasure.
My single stock is going to outlast all of yours, want to try?
My smash roster is incomplete without you.
My tipper game is on point.
Once I strike you down, you won't want to get up from the intense pleasure.
Once you get a taste of my falcon punch, you will never want another bird.
People say Bayonetta has a nice ass, but I like yours better.
Prepare yourself, In bed.
Ready for some smash action tonight?
Show me ya boobs!
Show me your moves, I'll show you mine.
Sleep with me, it'll be explosive.
Sleep with the kid 😉
Smash bro online or on the bed?
Some call me donkey kong cause i will pound you with my massive dong.
Stop taunting me with your beauty.
These fingers can do more than wave dash
Time to grab and roll.
Wanna know what's longer than Marth's tipper?
Wanna see if my ridley is too big for your smash?
Wanna see my Solid Snake game?
Wanna Smash all night long?
Want to get intimate with some personal melee actions?
Want to get physically fit together?
Want to see how well I play with 'King Dedede?'
Want to Smash and Chill?
We'd make a great matchup. I'd take you to Dream Land every time.
Whenever I'm with you, Kirby isn't the only one living in Dreamland.
Where we are going, we will do it raw without any items.
With you, my path is always clear.
You and me, pick any random stage and we will smash it good.
You and Me. Final Destination.
You are my Dreamland.
You are my World of Light.
You are purely smashing.
You are totally my type, I am absolutely weak against you.
You can call me Roy- I just wanna be your boy.
You got me at 300%.
You got your tilt attacks, and I got my tilt D moves.
You must be a Falco because you stunned me from the moment I walked into the room.
You must be Kirby, suck me now and make my powers yours.
You must have just landed a Rest because you blow me away.
You remind me of Samus; I love what I see, but I wanna know what's underneath.
Your beauty has broken every last bit of my shield and stunned me.
Your passion had totally hit me and blown me away.
You're just like King Dedede, you're already perfect and don't need to copy anyone else.
You're just like Pit - you're an angel.
You're the Luma to my Rosalina - together we're great, but without you I'm hopeless.
You've got my heart beating at the speed of multishine.
You've got my mind and soul at the first strike.
Ah. So your Kulve Tarroth. Everyone loves grinding you.
And on the 15th day, Shah Dalamadur created dat ass.
And the best one I saw elsewhere
Are you a Great Jagras? Cause I’d let you eat me.
Are you a Greatsword main? 'Cause you time your hits just right.
Are you a Rathian? Because I would love to hammer pound your face!
Are you a Silver Rathalos, cause you're harder than ever!
Are you a wing? Because my insect glaive just got some white essence from you.
Are you an Uraagan? Because Uraagan scute.
Are you flash bomb? Because your beauty is blinding
Are you Kulve Taroth because you look pretty horny and I wanna knock your clothes off
Are you lost with the lump of meat quest? I know where to get em.
Are you new to Monster Hunter? Let me teach you how to mount in person.
Aye baby gurrl you sure you only got evade extender? Cuz thats not the only thing you extending right now.
Babe I'll let you farm my horn all night long.
Babe I'm no Brachydios, but I'll still pound you for 50 minutes straight
Babe you are so hot you auto upgrade my weapons.
Babe, I believe I have strong affinity against your pussy. Let's test it out.
Babe, I'm no Brachydios, but after I pound you, you'll be coated in my slime.
Boy, are you a Deviljho? 'Cause that's one big pickle.
Call me Steve, baby- slick, sharp, and covered in gold.
Call me the Tigrex, cause I'm not slowing down till you finish me off.
Can you be the Seltas to my Seltas Queen? Because I'll pound you then eat you out.
Dalama-don't want none unless you got buns, hun.
Damn girl, I'll need High Grade Earplugs if we keep that up.
Damn, the way you swing that sword really knocks me back
Do it like Baruragaru, baby- suck me dry.
Do it like Nerscylla, baby- tie me up and keep on stingin'.
Do me like a Tigrex, baby, and I'll be screamin' all night long.
Do me like the Dunes, baby- hot and heavy by day, calm and cool by night.
Do you know how to imitate Diablos? Good, I’ll have you screaming like one
Do you prefer Great Sword or Long Sword? Mine is both Great and Long.
Do you prefer magjestic horn, twisted horn, or spiral horn?
Does your felyne have stamina fortitude?
Don’t worry, I won’t blythe.
Don't sharpen, i like the way you bounce.
Ever wonder what a baby dalamdur looks like?
Ey girl, are you a Brachydios? Because you got me blasting all night.
Girl are you into Monster Hunter? Let's grind together all night long.
Girl, are you a Fatalis? 'Cause only legend spoke of a rack so fine.
Girl, are you a Gypceros? 'Cause you got me seein' stars.
Girl, are you a Melynx? 'Cause I want my shit back.
Girl, are you a Najarala? 'Cause those lips made my heart skip a beat!
Girl, are you a Plesioth? Cause those hips are unreal.
Girl, are you a Rangurotura? 'Cause very time I slide out, you pull me right back in.
Got a paintball? I don’t wanna lose you
Got any extra slots in that armor of yours?
Hey babe, want to see how far we could get being naked without gears?
Hey baby, do you main the hammer? Then let's go back to my place, I promise I'll let you smash the head.
Hey girl, you are the sparkling gem that I have been farming for.
Hey girl, you charge my blade.
Hey, you free tonight? Wanna come to my place and check out my hard bone horn?
How many honeys you got?
I am falling in deep into your pitfall traps.
I could kiss you uragaan and again
I do it like 140 Garuga, baby- you won't last 5 minutes.
I do it like Chameleos, baby- you'll never know what's gonna happen next.
I do it like Ukanlos, baby- once I go down on ya, I don't ever come out.
I guess I've equipped the Insect Glaive, 'cos I wanna mount you!
I heard you had a Skyscraper, boy- how 'bout I stroke it with my W[h]etstone, hmm?
I hope you like diablos, cause I’ll be coming at you from the land down under
I hope you like hermitaur, I’ll make you squirt like one.
I hope you like Rajang, cause I’ll be swootin fo dat booty
I hope you slotted tenderizer for my raw meat
I kept my weapon sharp for tonight? Want to test the damage?
I love Monster Hunter, and tonight I am on a hunt for your lady parts.
I may just have one weapon type, but I know how to use it.
I must have worn a +20 fate set when I met you
I never thought id be lucky enough tomeet a Kirin. Graceful. Stunning. And i think i sense some sparks between us.
I think my longsword just went demon mode
I think something's wrong with my targetted camera, cause I can't take my eyes of you
I think you have a -10 guard talisman, cause you let your guard down around me
I think you just charged up my phial
I use my dick like a dual blade.
I want to mount you like a Frenchman with an insect glaive.
i'd like to get savage with jho
If I was a Seltas, you'd be my Queen <3>
I'll be your Rathalos if you'll be my Rathian
Ill let you go Glaive any day if you'll mount me 😉
I'm a Charge Axe main, baby. I might be new at this, but I'll make you burst all over.
I'm a Hammer main, baby- nobody pounds it better than me.
I'm a Hunting Horn main- you're about to get buffs you'll never forget.
I'm a Lance main, baby- I'll hit all your weak spots, no matter how deep.
I'm an HBG main, baby- I'll do it faster than everybody else.
I'm an SnS main- cause it ain't the size of the ship in the sea, baby, but the motion of the ocean behind it.
I'm 'bout to go Apex on dat ass, baby.
I'm feeling kinda hornetaur, want to get jaggi with it?
I'm going to vigorously thrust you until explode climatically.
I'm gonna need some Steadfast Jewels, because you're stunning.
Are you a guild castle? I am breaking your emperium to make you mine.
Are you a Kafra? Because I see you everywhere I go.
Are you a novice? I'd love to help pop your virgin poring.
Are you an angel with a hammer? I am totally stunned by you.
Are you an assassin? I could take some sonic blow.
Are you cupid, because your arrows have shot my heart.
Are you full luck build, you will not perfect dodge me.
Are you immune to love magic? Cause you're Golden.
B> Girlfriend.
Be gentle with my hode.
Be my gypsy (clown) and we will create great love song.
Be my Isis and I will be your Osiris.
Be my Munak and I will be your Bongun.
Blessing and heals make me hard.
Can I drink your sweet potion.
Check out my falcon! It strikes whenever it feels your presence.
Come ride my peco peco.
Cute hat gears!
Did you use an Yggdrasil leaf? Because you have given me life.
Do you know soul breaker, you totally touches me both mentally and physically.
Do you need a stalker?
Face me with naked gears, and I will show you a good time.
Girl I will heaven drive you to ecstasy.
Girl you are so hot like Meteor Storm.
Girl You look Magnificat.
Girl you so refined.
Girl your blessing and heal turns me on.
I am your Orc Hero / Orc Lord if you would be my orc lady.
I can swing my rod 4 times per second at capped ASPD, want to try how it feels?
I can totally pierce you with my very very strong lance.
I feel Adrenaline Rush when you are around.
I have totally fallen for you, when your soul striked mine.
I promise I won't be an Asura one shot wonder.
I wish I was your Homunculus, so you could summon me anytime.
It is love at first Sight.
It's fate that I have fly winged on you.
Let's Ragnarok all night long.
Marry me and we will make babies!
My falcon ignores armor defense, want to test out its damage?
My love for you is unbreakable and maxed refined.
Size is not an issue, I got weapon perfection.
Take off your shirt and I shall become the Greatest General.
Want a taste of my steel body build?
Want EXP? I got some mobs you could leech, in my pants.
Want to do some PvP? In bed.
Want to see my refined gears?
Where we are going, we don't need no safety wall.
Why do you have so high flee? Because I sure missed you.
With you I could endure anything.
You are my one and only MVP.
You are so shiny I came out of my hide status.
You have memoed my heart.
You have my total devotion.
You have trapped my soul.
You must have high ASPD, because you have stun locked me.
You must know Lex Divina, because I have been totally silenced by your cuteness.
Your beauty Bapho Met.
Your gears could use some sweet slotting.
You're a good dancer, how about a Gypsy's Kiss?
Default dance repeatedly'
Are you a Loot Pinata? Cause I can smack you all night long.
Are you an ATK? Because I want to get inside you
Are you purple save cause I’m checking you out.
Call me cupid Cause I Just landed a crossbow shot to your heart.
Can i be your victory royale?
Can I chug on your jugs?
Can I explore your chest?
Can I hide in your bush?
Can I see your chug jugs
Come ride my big rocket and have a good time.
Did you come from the lodge? Because I wouldn't make you lonely.
Did you come from Tilted Towers? because I would Tilt you over!
Do you play Fortnite, I want you in my fort tonight
Do you wanna see my tilted tower
Do you want to be lonely like lonely lodge or all action like tilted towers
Fancy some pump action?
Get in my ATK.
Girl are you a legendary?
Girl are you a Scar? You are Golden.
Girl are you a supply drop? You are an angel that fell from the sky and saved me.
Girl are you victory royal? You are my only one out of 100.
Hey babe, want me to grease up your grove tonight?
Hey girl wanna play doubles?
How many bucks to see your V
I am no grappler but I could still reel you in.
I can explore your shifty with my clocktower.
I just survived Titled Towers, so I'm totally looted up right now.
I love you by Default!
I promise I ain't no double-pump chump.
I wanna jump in your rift and show you a whole new world.
I want my shifty shaft to visit your moisty mire 
I want to land on you baby.
I would drop my gold scar for you.
I would love to harvest your materials.
I’ll show you how to have fun in pleasant park
I’m gonna take u to pleasant park and shove my shifty shaft inside your dusty depot.
I'd jump off a floating bus for you. 
If we were the last 2 people on earth, I'd throw a boogie bomb down so we can dance together forever.
If you are a default, I will carry you all night long.
If you were a chest, I would loot you. 
If your legs were a chest I'd open you right up
Ill be the meteor to your Tilted Towers
I'll make you wet like a shield potion if you go out with me.
Is your name Mire? Because I'm making you Moisty. 
Let's spend the night in my fort and have a pleasant time.
My health is low and I have no shield and no weapon. The only cure is for me to chug on those jugs of yours and for you to give me a little pump action.
My health is low and I have no shield and no weapon. The only cure is for me to chug on those jugs of yours.
my lodge is lonely without you.
My mats is all wood for you.
My towers tilt for you.
No shockwave grenade is going to keeps you away from me.
Once I’m done with you, you’re gonna need to abortnite.
The only solo win I desire is You.
Time to get some pump action.
Wanna feel my shifty shaft? 
Want me to Grease up your Grove tonight? 
Want to check out my pickaxe?
Want to Fortnite and Chill?
Would You like to rocket ride me?
You are as fine as a gold scar.
You are as rare as a purple RPG from a chest.
You ever been sprayed by a mini gun?
You got a jump pad? Cause I’ll jump right over to you.
You have built into my heart.
You just won the battle royal to my heart.
You turned my pants into a Moisty Mire.
You won my heart.
You'll be wailing at my woods.
Your chest is legendary.
Hey girl do you play Fortnite.
I got a bazooka in my pants and it's legendary.
I’ll be your duo queue tonight.
Are you an AD carry? Because I'm fired up and ready to serve.
Are you Cassiopeia? Because when I stare at you I get hard.
Are you Orianna? Because you can play with my balls.
Can I invade your jungle?
Can I put my doran blade in your doran ring?
Can I tap your dark spheres?
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, I'd have to call Sherif Caitlyn because you're guilty as charged.
Did I mention its mating season?
Do you main Ahri? Because I find you charming.
Even if you were Singed I would still chase after you.
Fear not im coming.
For only $2.95 a minute I will leave you breathless.
Girl you turn my blasting wand into a needlessly large rod.
Girl you're like draven - spinning me around town.
Girl, are you Irelia? Because I want to nerf you so hard.
Girl, are you Nunu? Because on a scale of one to ten, you're an ABSOLUTE ZERO.
Girl, is your name Ashe? Because your beauty stunned me from a distance!
Girl, your body is OP.
Hello dere.
Hey babe, lemme destroy your inhibitor.
Hey babe. I bought the double penetration runes.
Hey baby is your name Taric because you stunned me from a mile away.
Hey baby, I'm always on duty.
Hey girl, wanna come back to my base and check out my Needlessly Large Rod?
Hey girl, you must be Ahri because you charmed me over here.
I wish I'd worn my Mercury's Treads, because you just stunned me.
I'd like to put my mushroom in your bush.
I'm not sorry that I left my fuzzy cuffs at home
If you were a Tidecaller I'd be your blessing.
If you're Nannie I'll be your tribbers.
Is your father Ziggs? Because you are a bomb.
Is your name Janna? Because you blow me away.
Is your name yorick? Because Evanescence isn't the only one who brings me to life
It's not fun unless you run.
Lemme show you a double rainbow.
Once you go Demacian you never go back, I Garen - tee it.
Wanna fiddle my stick?
Wanna know why me roger's all jolly?
Wanna solo my Baron?
Will you be the Ezreal to my Taric
You know, if Ezreal saw you, he'd need a map. He'd get lost in your eyes.
You make me feel like cho. I just want to feast in your bush.
You must be used to stealing souls, because you're fully stacked.
Your name must be Sona, because you just made me Crescendo.
Are you a color bomb? Because you are electric.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Are you Tiffi? Because you are so sweet.
Are you wrapped candy? Because you are the bomb.
Be my candy crush.
Be my friend, so we can go on adventure in the Candy Kingdom side by side.
Did somebody say candy crush saga?
I can make you come with out extra moves.
I give extra lives.
I love you more than I love boosters.
I miss you like the Meringues. It can only be removed with you next to me.
I want to cover you all up like the Chocolate Spawners.
I want to crush your candy.
I want you more than a Bubblegum Troll wants candies.
If I had boosters, I'd spend them on you.
If you were a cherry, I'd bring you down
If your clothes were jelly, I'd clear them all.
Is that a Lollipop Hammer in your pocket or are you happy to see me?
Is your name Freckles? Because you are the bomb.
Jelly Beans are red, Lollipop Heads are blue, I will fill you with my candies when I am through.
Let me unwrap you.
My candy crush saga would be as sour without you.
My love for you is like Chocolate Spawners – just keep on loving.
My love for you is like tickets. I just keep requesting until you give it to me.
Some guys are boyfriend material. I'm made of candy material – sugar.
They don't call me a Candy King for no reason.
Will you be my wrapped candy so I can unwrap you?
You are my lucky candy.
You are three star.
You excite me like the timed level.
You must be a Liquorice Locks cage, because I am immobilized.
You must be candy crush saga, because I honestly had no idea that you would be so important to me when we first met.
You must be sweet, because you are certainly eye candy.
Are you a healer? Because girl you angelic
Are you a hidden tesla? Because you are electric.
Are you a level 3 warrior? Because I'll let you raid my village.
Are you an inferno tower? Because you are on fire!
Are you Freeze Spell? Because I'm defenseless.
Did somebody say hog rider?
Do you have a clan? Do you want one?
I have a room for you in my townhall. Want to see it?
I heard you are a good hog rider, wanna demonstrate?
I want you more than a goblin wants gold.
I'd hold you as tight as I hold my DE.
I'm tripping over you like a spring trap.
If I had gems, I'd spend them on you.
If you were a D.E. drill, I'd tap you every chance I got.
If you were a dark elixir storage, I'd zap you first.
If you were a town hall on a farming base, I'd snipe you first.
Join my clan so I know that it's real.
Let me be your friend. We can share replays for the laughter.
My barbarian king levels up every time I see you.
My castle is accessible for you anytime.
My life would be as pointless as a level 1 bomb without you.
My love for you is like a clan castle. I just keep requesting until you give it to me.
My love for you is like the inferno tower with flames burning.
Our love is as deep as the tunnel system underneath the builders' huts.
Our love is as wide as a crossbow's range when set to ground targets.
Roses are red, violets are blue, your troops will be dead when I am through.
Some guys are boyfriend material. I'm made of wall material.
Something is rising, but it ain't my dragons.
They don't call me a Barbarian King for no reason.
Want to see my CoC?
We make sparks fly like a tesla shooting a pekka.
What's your village's name so I know where to find you?
Will you be my archer queen?
Without you I feel as weak as a level 1 wall
You are a three star.
You are the wind beneath my (Insert flying troop)'s wings.
You can have me for $4.99.
You must be a collector base, because you are giving me a raging erection.
You must be a hidden tesla, because I will search until I find you.
You must be coc, because I honestly had no idea that you would be so important to me when we first met.
Your eyes shine like a level 4 dragon's.
Are you Angry Birds? Because I will steal your egg so you can come after me.
Are you Bubbles? Because I can't hide my sweets from you.
Are you Chuck? Because you are fast and furious.
Are you Matilda? Because I love your big heart.
Are you Red? Because I love your unibrow.
Are you Stella? Because you are the sweetest.
Are you the Blues? Because good things come in three – me, myself, and you.
Birds are never angry after I've played with them.
I can make it with one shot.
I don't even care if you're not a green pig, I'd still smash you.
I will rescue you from the King Pig in the Piggy Island.
I will show you my special moves.
I'm an angry bird, but I feel happy when I'm with you.
I'm an eggcellent lover.
I'm hungry for you like the green pigs over the eggs.
I'm so full of love I could explode.
I'm the BOMB!
If you are an egg, you make me greedy like the King Pig and want you all to myself.
Is that a slingshot in your pocket or are you excited to see me?
Let's be lovebirds.
My aim is so precise that when I knock on your door - I'll blow you away.
My aim may not be very good, but I will keep trying until I get it in there.
No fortress can stop me from getting to you
Red are red, the Blues are blue, you're one Angry Bird, which is why I dig you.
Wanna come over to check out my slingshot?
Why should I play with angry birds when I have you?
Will you be my green pig? Because I just wanna smash into you.
You are addictive like the Angry Birds game.
You are more precious than the eggs.
You are one bad piggy.
You are the TNT.
You knock me out!
You know what else is BIG like Terence?
You must be an angry bird? Because you are awfully cute when you are angry.
Are you a block of dirt? Because I dig you.
Are you a chest? Because I've got a lot to put in you.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode
Are you a diamond pickaxe? Because I'm harder than obsidian
Are you a lever? Because you turn me on.
Are you a pig? Because I could put a saddle on u and ride u all night.
Are you a pig? Because I wanna ride you.
Are you a pumpkin? Because enderman loves you.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you're activating my sticky piston
Are you a skeleton? Because your so thin
Are you a slimeball? Because you make my piston sticky
Are you a torch? Because you light up my world.
Are you a Witch? Because I'm under your spell
Are you an enderman? Because I wanna look at your eyes
Are you bone meal? Because you make my wood grow!
Are you diamond armor? Because im into you!
Are you glowstone baby? Because you light up my world!
Are you Gravel? Because im falling for you!
Are you Steve? Because you're so cute
Are you the End? Because you're out of this world!
Are you the nether? Because your hot
Baby youre my mob grinder!
Baby, I'm a creeper and you're the moon. I'm gonna cry, because you're gonna leave me soon.
Can I tame you and ride your forever?
Did i mention youre looking opti-FINE tonight.
Do you have a Diamond Pickaxe? Because I'm as hard as Obsidian.
Do you want to come over and play some Minecraft on Saturday night?
Girl are you obsidian? Because I heard you like it hard
Hey baby, let's go to my house and change your spawn location.
Hey baby, wanna come back to my base and let me explode my creeper in your mine tunnel?
Hey Girl! Are u a tree farm? Because every time I see you I get wood.
Hey, baby. Let's make like a couple of NPCs on the set of Minecraft Monster's, Inc.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a crazy old man.
I am not a professional miner, but I can make your bed-rock
I know I'm not an Endermen but I just want to pick you up and take you away with me.
I must be gravel, because I'm falling for you.
I will do all the digging; you just sit back and relax.
I will let you chop my wood with your mouth
I will need a pickaxe to dig the diamond out of your eyes.
I'd like to fertilize your crops with my bonemeal.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
I'm a pig… You've got a saddle… What are we waiting for?
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun.. You light me on fire.
I'm like TNT… Touch me and I go boom.
If I was a creeper, I'd go to your bedroom and explode all over you.
If you are an enderdragon, can I take care for your egg
If you were ore, I'd mine you all night long!
Is that a creeper in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Let's entered the love mode and breed.
Let's explore new territory together!
Lets go back to my place , I will show you my biome.
MY FACE IS UP HERE! But my diamond sword is down here
My love for you is like the creeper. I will chase you down until I explode.
No I'm not dirt. I'm gravel, because I'm falling for you.
Redstone is red, Lapis is blue. I would sacrifice my diamonds just to be with you.
Speaking of pistons are you a slime ball cause you're making my piston sticky.
Want me to touch your fuel rod?
Whats up girl wanna go strip mining?
When I saw you, my Sapling grew!
Why dont you take off that armor and lets see what your skin looks like.
Will you go on a date with me? Come over to my place, I will prepare a feast of roasted pork and golden apples.
You are about to make my creeper explode!
You have beautiful skin.
You must be a pressure plate, because you turn me on.
You must be a redstone torch, because you're extending my piston!
You must be a torch, because you light up my cave.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
You must be ice, because I've been waiting to pick you up for a long time.
You must be made of bonemeal, because baby you make me grow 10 feet tall
Aipom's pretty good with his hands, and so am I.
Are you a Hitmonlee? Because your body is kickin'.
Are you a Pikachu? Because you are shockingly beautiful.
Are you a RARE CANDY? Because I feel a level-up.
Are you from the Hoenn Region? Because you're the only HO I see.
Baby, I'm a Mismagius. I'll make all of your wildest dreams come true.
Can I fertilize you with my sunkern?
Can I get into YOUR Secret Base?
Care to take a Rhydon my Lapras til you Squirtle over me?
Damn girl, I think I need a Parlyz Heal, Because you're stunning.
Did you just FLASH(HM 05) me?
Did you use CONFUSE RAY?, cuz your making me dizzy.
Do you have a Ditto in your pocket because I can see myself in your pants.
Do you like Pokeballs because you're about to get really close to one of mine.
Do you wanna battle? Because my balls are at the ready!
Do you wanna LICKILICKY my icky sticky.
Do you wanna play my Poke Flute?
Do you wanna play with my Poke Balls?
Do you wanna see my BELL-SPROUT?
Do you wanna see my NUGGETS?
Do you wanna see my POLI-WAG?
Do you wanna see what's in my ball bag?
Do you want to help my ekans learn intercourse?
Don't make me use Water Gun all over you!
Have you been taking lessons from a Lickitung?
Hey baby, wanna SPOINK?
Hey girl! Are you a Pokemon? Because I wan tot have a peek-at-chu.
Hey, baby, my squirtle knows water gun.
Hey, I've got some legendary pokemon, do you want to touch my pokeballs to see just how legendary they are?
How about you come and see my safari zone.
How about you use REST, so i can sleep with you.
How would you like me to use my Onix to BIND you to my bed?
How would you like to see my viridian forest, well it's not really viridian.
I bought you an everstone, because I love you just the way you are.
I can make your Jigglypuffs sing.
I can make your Milktanks moo.
I heard Meowth's not the only mischievious pussy in town.
I just want to stick it in your wooper.
I like to compare myself with Smeargle...I'm pretty handy with a paintbrush.
I made you some MOO-MOO MILK, but I forgot to use my Milktank.
I think I need a Paralyze Heal, because you're stunning.
I think I'm going to need a Burn Heal because you're hot.
I think I'm going to need a Burn Heal because you're hot.
I think we're going to need Defog (HM05) before the night is done.
I wanna Munchlax your Cloyster.
I wanna see your Squirtle squirt.
I wanna spread HONEY on your Forretress.
I want to Squirtle all over your Jigglypuffs.
I will be your Pokemon if you let me Pikachu.
I wish I was a Magikarp, so I could use SPLASH on you!
I wish I was a Seaking, so I could HORN DRILL you.
I wish I was an Abra, so I could TELEPORT to your bedroom.
I wish you and I were Weedles, so you and I could make a Kakuna and evolve together.
I wish you were the ground and I was a Diglett so I could be inside of you.
I'd like to get in your rock tunnel.
I'd like to Leech my Seeds into you.
I'd like to ride you like a HORSEA.
I'd like to Slowpoke your Cloyster.
I'd POUND you with my Piplup.
I'll use ROCK CLIMB in your Fortress.
I'm a real Machamp, if you know what I mean.
I'm going to Hoppip into your pants.
I've got an Onyx, and if you come over to my place I'll show you his move Earthquake (TM 27).
I've got Masterballs baby.
If I was a Pokemon right now, I'd be an Erectabuzz
If I were a Clefairy, I'd DOUBLE-SLAP dat ass.
If I were a Ghastly, I'd seep right through your pants.
If I were a Hitmonchan, I'd Thunderpunch dat ass.
If I were a Milktank, I'd use ATTRACT on you.
If I were a Nidoking, you would be my Nidoqueen.
If I were a Pidgeotto, I'd GUST your pants off.
If you were a Pokemon, I'D CHOOSE YOU!
If you were a pokemon, you'd be a Squirtle, cause you make me wet!
If you were in a Pokemon Contest, you'd win first place in the Beauty/Cuteness category.
Is that a Sudowoodo in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that a TANGELA down there?
It's a good thing that I'm a pokemon trainer and can handle your Jigglypuffs!
Let's go make a Mewtwo of our own.
Let's have a Togepi of our own!
Let's make like a Super Rod and hook up.
Let's make RegiLove!
Lets make like the pages of this guide book and get under the covers.
Like an Umbreon, I also evolve at night.
Looking at your ass makes my bulba soar.
My Bulbasaur knows TICKLE.
My Diglett's attracted to your SWEET SCENT.
My Donphan won't ROLLOUT for you much longer.
My Exeggcute are pretty weak. Let's battle so they can get some experience.
My Gyarados is BIG enough for you to ride it ALL day and night.
My Kadabra just used Future Sight, and it looks like we've got a future together.
My Lickitung can reach deeper than you can imagine!
My love for you burns like a Charizard's tail.
My Magikarp knows a little more than SPLASH if you know what I mean.
My Pokeballs are SWIFT in your mouth.
My Shellder wants to clamp onto your Slowpoke's tail!
My Typhlosion knows Eruption.
My Typhlosion knows EXPLOSION!!
Squirtle isn't the ONLY one that can use water gun. - wink -
starMiE and starYU belong together do you get the message?
STD’s are like Pokemon baby, gotta catch ‘em all! Wanna help me out?
The name's cock..i mean brock..wait, i said that right.
Those are some nice HOOTHOOTS you got there.
Wanna watch my EKANS evolve?
Want my Caterpie to use String Shot on you?
Want to Link your cable onto me?
Want to register your number in my PokeNav?
Want to ride my emPOLEon?
What's your favorite move? Mine is LICK.
When I look at you, my Metapod can't get any harder.
When I'm around you, I am like a Geodude, as hard as a rock!
Why don't you and me go back to my gym and have a naked battle.
Will you use ROCK POLISH on my Pokeballs?
You give my Gengar that smile.
You just gave me a Cubone.
You make me errupt like the Cinnabar Island volcano.
You make me feel like an Electrode, you give me an EXPLOSION in my pants.
You make me RY-HORNY!
You make my bulba sore.
You make my Darkrai rise.
You make my Gyrados HYDROPUMP!
You might need to catch them all, but all I need to catch is you.
You must be a Charmander because you're getting me hot.
You put the 'BONE' in Cubone.
You put the 'cool' in Tentacool.
You put the 'Double-D' in Dodou.
You put the 'Wiggle' in Wigglytuff.
You remind me of Deoxys, you're out of this world.
You remind me of Pokemon, I just want to Pikachu.
You set my Chimchar on fire.
You'll be WEEZING after I'm done with you.
You're such a good catch, i think i'll use my only MASTER BALL on you.
You've got the lips of a Jynx!
Your gonna need a HYPERPOTION by the time i'm done with you.
Your more beautiful than a Beautifly.
Hey baby, you wanna see my hidden blade?
Like Ezio, I'm great from behind and above
Flash Man must be nearby because when I saw you time stopped.
Are you Donkey Kong? Because I want to Super Smash.
I'd jump over a thousand barrels to save you.
Hay baby, can my patrol enter your Hidden Vally?
Hey, you wanna rig my shotgun?
wanna mod my Gauss Rifle?
Baby, do you need a phoenix down? Because you're drop dead gorgeous!
Baby, I'm going to have to summon Shiva, because you're just too hot!
Baby, I'm gonna take you all around the world… in my flying airship. No doubt built by Cid.
Baby, you look beautiful and pure, just like Aeris.
Cloud: My hair's not the only thing that's pointy right now!
Get down with me, baby, and I'll make you have a Limit Break all night long.
Guess what you and Ifirit have in common?
Hey baby, do you prefer turn based or atb?
Hey, I got a bronze bed you can use for a quest. It's in my mog house, let's go get it.
I know my way around the cleft of dimension, want me to show you?
I lost my linkshell, can I have yours?
I've got a full set of leather equips back at my Mog House
If I were Cloud and you were Tifa, I'd be glad aeris died.
Let's breed chocobos… the old-fashioned way!
Like an Umbreon, I also evolve at night.
Wanna go chocobo riding together?
Will you be my final fantasy?
You are my final fantasy.
You must be an aeon, because you answered my call and dropped down from heaven. Plus you smell like Bahamut.
You should audition for the next final fantasy! You're already one for me.
Zidane: You wanna see something my tail can do?
All I have to do is press 'X' to pick up a weapon. Does that work for picking you up as well?
Are you a care package? Because you must've fallen from heaven.
Are you up for a little tactical insertion?
Are you using hacks? Cause as soon as you joined this lobby I got a hardened perk.
Care to come over for my house for a little co-op?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I rejoin this lobby?
Do you like my long barrel?
Even if you were wearing a ghillie suit, you'd still be the most beautiful girl here.
Even though it would mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Getting this tactical nuke was the hardest thing I've ever done. I hope getting your phone number won't be as difficult.
Girl, you should never pick up a ballistic vest - it would be a shame to cover up your two best attachments.
How 'bout we meet at Underpass and I'll Tactically insert you.
How many COD points does it take to unlock you?
I think something is wrong with my auto-aim. I can't take my eyes off you.
I use Full Metal Jacket for deeper penetration.
I would run around the world for you... without lightweight.
I'd catch a grenade for you... it's ok, I've got FlakJacket pro!
If you were a map pack, I'd download you.
Let me know when you're close, so I can use my blast shield. It was a mess last time.
Sticky going out! Sorry, you're just that hot!
That's not an m60 in my pants, I'm just happy to see you.
The odds of meeting a girl as amazing as you, are the same as the odds of hitting a no-scope shot from across the map.
Wanna leave this lobby and go into a private match?
Watch out girl, my predator missile is coming at you from behind!
What class are you using? Because when I press select, you're at the top of my list.
You gave me hardened pro in just 6 seconds.
You just made me shoot a MOAB in my pants.
You're so hot, you warm my cold-blooded heart.
How 'bout coming back to my place and helping me work on my next montage - it won't be a Call of Duty one this time.
You play call of Duty? 'Cause I'm search and destroy that ass.
Are you a Wii? Because I love your joystick
Are you Alienware? Because you are out of this world
I want to wear you like a Razer headset
I'm like an Xbox; I can go 360 all night long
If I were an NES cartridge would you blow me?
I think something's wrong with my auto-aim, because I can't take my eyes off you.
I usually press 'X' to pick up weapons. Does that work for picking YOU up as well?
Are you a vault hunter, because you've got a loot chest that I want to open.
Don't worry babe, I'm a gamer, so you can trust me to be good with my fingers.
I can keep going all night, i have auto-refresh!
I need an extra heart. Can I have yours?
I need experience points. Will you help?
I took an arrow to the knee! From cupid, after seeing you.
I'd raid your dungeon.
I'll never skip the cutscenes of your conversation
I'll slam you against the wall like my controller
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
I'm on a quest for your heart
I've got one heart left and it's beeping for you.
It's dangerous to go alone! Here, take this! (Hold their hand)
My K/D ratio is flawless, but I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Nice skirt you're wearing, what's the drop rate?
Sit on my lap and watch me 'level up.'
Wanna take a side quest… to the bedroom?
Will you be my player two?
Would you like to form an alliance?
You have the key to my chest, inside is my heart
You must be lava, you're so hot and I can't help falling in you
You're like a cutscene – beautiful at first but then you never shut up.
Your body is like an open world, I never want to stop exploring
Your daddy must've been a level 40 thief with special ninja gloves because he stole the stars and put them in your eyes.
Your heart is like a dungeon; large and full of treasure
Is your heart a Simeon vehicle? Because I want to steal it and have people chase me for it
Looking at you makes me feel like Gordon Freeman...speechless.
(eyeing the breast plate) I am a master dual wielder. Mind if I give those a go?
Are we playing Assault? Cause I'm pretty sure you are the bomb.
Are you a planet? Because I can see your Halo
Are you impressed with how I handle my sniper? You should see what I can do with the weapon I pack under my armor.
Do you need a Magnum because I've got one right here for you. In my pants.
I think something is wrong with my auto-aim. I can't take my eyes off you.
I think something's wrong with my auto-aim, because I can't take my eyes off you.
I usually press 'X' to pick up weapons. Does that work for picking YOU up as well?
I was following the indicator of where to score and it brought me to you.
I would like to gain access to your base. Shall I enter from the front or the rear?
I'm like a plasma grenade. Let me get on you and you are guaranteed to explode.
What do you say I take my flag to your base and score?
When I came near you, the announcer said 'unfreakinbelievable'... I would have to agree.
You wanna ride on my 'hog?
Are you my somebody? 'Cause I'd like to become one with you.
Baby, did you just cast aeroga? Because you swept me off my feet.
Baby, did you just cast blizzaga? Because time froze when I met you!
Baby, did you just cast firaga? Because you set my heart aflame!
Baby, did you just cast graviga? Because you are out of this world!
Baby, did you just cast thundaga? Because you are electrifying!
Baby, not even Namine could erase my memories of you.
Did you just cast stopga? Because my heart just skipped a beat when I saw you.
Girl, I'd share a paopu with you any day.
Girl, is your name Roxas? Because you're rocking that ass.
I can unlock your Wonderland.
I have never found true love, until you opened the Kingdom to my Heart.
I think you might be a heartless because you just stole my heart.
I'll make sure the Road to Dawn is a loud one.
I'll put my keyblade in your keyhole.
Is that a keyblade in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Without you, I feel like I'm in a world that never was.
Call me Kirby, 'cause I'm talking you to Dreamland.
Once you go Demacian you never go back, I Garen – tee it.
Shall we go to your safehouse or mine?
Are you a Deku Nut? Because you're stunning me.
Are you a part of the Triforce? Because you're my missing Link.
Are you wearing the Pegasus Boots? Because you've been running though my mind all day.
Baby, I've been Z-targeting you all night.
Do you have the Mirror Shield? Because I can really see myself in your tunic.
Hey baby, can I buy you a potion?
How 'bout you come back to my place and I show you my Longshot
I better put on my Goron tunic, because you're too damn hot.
I must have defeated a boss, because I just found a heart container.
I wanna make you wetter than the Zora Temple.
I'd better buy a bigger bag, because you are the BOMB!
I'd better put on my Goron tunic, because you're too damn hot.
I'm gonna be Bigocto this time, and I'm gonna suck you up.
I'm not possessed by Majora's Mask, I'm just crazy for you.
I've got one heart left and its beeping for you.
Want to fuse Kinstones? I'd bet they fit perfectly.
What's a girl like you doing in a Forest Temple like this?
You are hotter than Din's fire.
You light my Deku Stick on fire.
You must be King Dodongo, because I really want to explode inside your mouth.
You should come back to my place. My master sword needs to be polished.
You're not 18 yet? No problem, I know the Song of Time.
You're the Zelda to my Link
You know what the difference is between ME3 and me? Play with me and the ending will be satisfying
Are you a lever? Because you turn me on.
Are you a pig? Because I wanna ride you.
Are you a slimeball? Cause you make my piston sticky
Are you a torch? Because you light up my world.
Do you have a Diamond Pickaxe? Because I'm as hard as Obsidian.
I must be gravel, because I'm falling for you.
I'd like to fertilize your crops with my bonemeal.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
If we lived in Minecraft, I'd build you a mansion out of nether quartz
If you were ore, I'd mine you all night long!
Is that a creeper in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
You must be a pressure plate, because you turn me on.
You must be a redstone torch, because you're extending my piston!
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
You must be ice, because I've been waiting to pick you up for a long time.
You must be made of bonemeal, cause you make me grow 10 feet tall.
Are you Mortal Kombat? Your beauty has finished me
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Because that ass is refreshing
Are you the patch notes? Because I can't get enough of you
Full character customization could never capture your beauty
Grind with me, but not the leveling kind
I can be your favorite legendary mount
Wat out... I just ate a big dot and I'm coming after you.
You give me pac-man fever. AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA!
It takes two to play Pong
It is said some lives are linked across time. Connected by an ancient calling that echoes through the ages. Destiny.
Not even the sands of time could pull us apart.
Can I show you how it feels to wear a Deadlock suit?
Excuse me but I think you could give me enough XP to upgrade my Blitz Cannon.
Are you a telo-eksplosija?? Because you're blowing up my mind
I'm not a zombie
Is that a Handcannon in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
I want you to fus ro my dah
Girl, I've got a gold ring with your name on it.
Man, I feel like Sonic in the water, 'cause you've got breathless.
Are you related to Glass Joe? Because you're an easy Knockout!
Are you a magic feather? Because my heart just grew a tail, and flew away.
Are you a magic flower? Because you are burning me up.
Are you a magic mushroom? Because you are making me grow.
For you I would travel all levels around the world.
I know how Mario must feel, 'cause I really want to clean your pipes.
I want to ride you harder than Mario rides Yoshi.
I'd rather ride you than Yoshi any day.
If I had the choice, I'd spend my 100 coins on you instead of on an extra life.
If Princess Toadstool looked anything like you, I would have killed Bowser years ago!
If you were a warp tube, I'd be in you all day.
My princess is in this castle.
Rose are #FF000; Violet are #0000FF; All my base are belong to you.
They don't call me Super for nothing.
Wanna play with my magic whistle?
You don't have to turn on a game to play with me.
You're the Princess Peach to my Mario
Mario is red, Sonic is blue. Why don't you hit select and be my player two?
Plumbers are Red; Hedgehogs are Blue; Press Start to join, and be my player Two.
You're the last Tetris piece I need
Are yer legs tired? Cause you been runnin' through China, Venice, a buncha gun-totin' side-steppin' goons, an' my mind all night.
Call me Lara Croft because I'm about to go Tomb Raiding.
Hey, Lara. Can I raid your tomb?
I've got an idea for a dig I think you'll be interested in...
Is it true what they say about British duchesses?
Lean close, put chyer lips to her shell-like ear, an' whisper the Nude Raider cheat codes.
Nice guns, but ya really should accept no substitutes.
So it's all about survival with you, huh? Wanna help the species survive?
There's a Himalayan idol somewhere in my pants.
Wanna see who's got the longer Dagger of Xian?
Want me to raid your tomb?
Whoa! Those pants make even yer butt look buff!
Are you a vendor, because I'd like to browse your goods.
Baby, being with me is like a Paladin casting Divine Shield. It'll last about 10 seconds and you won't feel a thing.
Can I raid your molten core?
Come on, girl... I have the blessing of protection!
Do ya wanna grind?
Do you feel it? And that just my aura.
Do you play World of Warcraft? Because you make me say WoW
Forget that rogue. As a Druid, I've got the strength AND the agility.
Have you ever procced flurry on a Gizmo-tron jackhammer?
Hey Girl, do ya wanna socket my gem?
Hunters do it from 41 yards away.
I have a libram of the Kama Sutra.
I'm no Kobald, but you can take my candle anytime!
I've heard that you are an Epic mount.
Looking for Group
My divine purpose is to please you.
My Heart is BOP and you just rolled Need
My staff can use a little enchant. I have mats and will tip!
Nice pants, baby. What's the drop rate?
Us druids are known for our longevity.
Wait till you see what my combo points can do in the bed room.
Wanna take my Swift Pink Hawkstrider for a ride?
Want to get hammered by justice?
Want to touch my Staff of Rampant Growth?
Warlocks are masters of shadow magic. That means we do it in the dark.
Why don't you seduce me? My resistance is low.
Yeah, that's right... I'm hung like a tauren.
You can summon my Imp!
You must be a Rogue because I was stunned when I first saw you.
You must be whitemane, because you just made my champion arise!
Your eyes are so blue, they remind me of 24 stam gems.Am I looking at a defense specialist? Because you are totally keeping the play alive.
Are you a good blocker? Because I sense a big fat tip coming.
Are you a hitter? Because I can set you up for the perfect spike.
Are you a receiver? Because I got some fast balls for you.
Are you a three-point pass? Because you're perfect.
Are you a volleyball? Because I will always dive for you.
Are you a volleyball? Because I would hit on you all night long.
Are you as good as serving your numbers like you do with volleyball?
Babe are you the hitter in volleyball? Tonight let me be the hitter instead.
Babe you are my perfect three-point pass.
Babe, do you want me to go short or go deep?
Babe, get in ready position and I will spike into your net.
Babe, I am a one man five-one team. I got five fingers and one serious dick.
Babe, I am just into jungle ball or picnic volleyball.
Babe, I got the flare in my pants.
Babe, let's practice volleyball. You gotta work on your ball handling error.
Babe, set your ass up and I'll spike that.
By the time I am done, you won't have the power to attack block this cock.
Darling I love seeing your boobs while playing volleyball, because I would totally hit that.
Dive for my pants and you will save some amazing balls.
Do you play volleyball? Because you look great on your knees.
Don't be afraid of the net, we got much better protection.
Girl are you a setter? Because I'd hit that.
Girl are you a team player, because we could assist each other for the perfect score.
Girl do you play volleyball? What is your favorite position?
Girl even if I am a volleyball player, I won't avoid faults and pass the blame to you.
Girl I don't play no decoy game.
Girl I will try not to go for penetration.
Girl I'd like to test my bump pass with your ass.
Girl you play volleyball? Do you enjoy dive in deep or float in the shallow?
Girl, anytime you want me to stop, just cry foul.
Girl, are you ready to receive my point of service?
Girl, we'd make great doubles team.
Girl, where do you prefer my bump? Attack line or back court?
Girl, you can serve to me all night long.
Girl, you like defensive play or attack play?
Girl, you served an ace through my heart.
Hey Girl! Can I touch you more than 3 times?
Hey girl, I love that you got those knee pads. You know what else you could do other than Volleyball?
I am coming! Time to run for cover.
I am the service winner, ready to see how I score?
I cannot help myself but touch you more than three times, it feels illegal.
I know just how to approach you: I will spike you hard and fast.
I see you know how to use the block, but I will keep trying.
If I can set you up good on the court, I'll definitely set you up in bed.
If I serve my heart to you, would you return yours?
If you were a volleyball, there are so many positions that I could handle you.
Let's set it up for the future, it's time to take the dive baby.
Look out for my power tip!
Pancakes for breakfast?
Pass your love to me and I will return it.
Serve me balls girl.
Should I go for Cross Court Shot or Cut Shot to score with you?
Want to make a pass with me, I promise I would not hurt you one bit, you have my word on it.
We can go back to my place this night and just have fun reenacting the play you just had.
We’re not allowed to touch the volleyball more than three times but I’d love to do that to you.
Whenever I see you dive, I get turned on, would you mind doing that for me once more, baby?
Why set and spike when we could just bump uglies?
Why should we set and even spike if we can just bump away all the uglies we’ve been through.
Would it be okay to touch you more than 3 times?
Wow seeing you dive really turns me on.
You are so tall I bet you play with the ball, I bet you’d love to test it out with me, right away.
You bet I can serve as good as I can go down on my knees for a hit, want to see me do that?
You can do anything you want as long as you will give me a kiss after your game, okay?
You can take me back to the bedroom if we can watch some game movies and mull them over.
You happened to be a libero? I swear I will hit at you really hard all day long, believe me.
You have the sass, I can see it in your hits, would you give everything you have to me now?
You look good on your knees I bet you give a nice hand job too, let me see that for myself.
You look like a setter to me so it seems I cannot take you on any double date tonight, I guess.
You look like a tight set to me, I might want to loosen you up a bit, want to see me do that?
You must be a pass because girl, you are just so damn perfect in every way that I can see you.
You must be a setter because you're good with your hands.
You must be a tip because you are certainly making me go on my toes, aren’t you, baby girl?
You must be a volleyball because baby I just want to dig you right out on this court now.
You must be the ball because I’d love to get my hands on you all over you anytime of the day.
You must be the perfect set because I hate seeing that so I’d have to smash you real hard.
You must be wearing something good cause my volleyball does not get blocked that easily!
You must got a lot of stamina as a volleyball player. Let me test your limit babe.
You play volleyball? Let me grab some knee pads, so I can slide into your DMs.
You saw how good I am at receiving a volleyball, I bet I can do so with your balls tonight.
You seem to be good at volleyball and good enough to go on your knees, can I try it out.
You seem to have great knowledge of that swing block, want to try swinging with me as well?
You want to play with a ball tonight but I can have an extra one for you, want to see it now?
You want to see more balls because you love them? You are in for a treat, I got two more!
You want to test the durability of the net, we can do so tonight and see what happens next.
You want to try I campfire? Well, you are indeed hot and I do want some more of you, honey.
You’ve got big feet, is it true that your feet is the shaft too? If so, I would love to see it now.
You've obviously mastered the swing block, dare to try swing-dancing with me?
Are you a deer? Because you would be a lifetime trophy. 
Are you a hunter? Because your pussy has trapped me hard.
As a hunter, safety first. We'll have a great time with each other's game.
Babe you are the one I want. I could smell your scent a mile away.
Babe, I scoped you as soon as I stepped in.
Babe, I won't shoot for a clean kill, I am going to shoot all night long.
Babe, the conditions are perfect for a good hunt tonight.
Babe, you got the license to hunt me down any time.
Do you hunt?
Do you know if someone hits a deer we can take it home? However we skip the part where I hit you with my car?
Forget waterfowl, you look like a real trophy.
Girl are you hurt? I am going to track you down no matter where you are.
Girl, I have checked all my gears. Are you ready to have a good time?
Girl, your beauty has hit me like a deer in the headlights.
Have you been with a hunter? We always wait for the perfect timing to bring you to climax ending.
Hey baby, you bring out the Beast in me.
Hey girl, I have you in my cross hairs. 
Hey girl, you are so gorgeous. You bring out the beast in me. 
I am a hunter, but I'd rather tame you more than kill you.
I am in the rut and you are my doe in heat. 
I have planned a long time to hunt for your heart.
I know you are not a good hunt, but you sure look like you would be a perfect mount.
I know you don't have a big rack. But you're still a trophy to me.
I must be a tick, because I'm stuck on you.
If you were a buck you'd be a great kill, a big rack and a nice ass.
If you were a deer, you'd be a once in a lifetime trophy.
I'll show you my rack if you show me yours.
I'm a buck in the rut, and baby, you're my doe in heat.
I've got you in my cross hairs.
I've had my Eagle Eye on you from across the room all night.
Let's hunt together.
No need for camouflage, my heart if fully out in the open for you.
So are so exotic. I set my eyes on you from across the entrance. 
That cammo really brings out the color in your eyes.
There should be a law made against hunting down beauty like you.
Time is of essence babe, let's treat this meat before it gets soft.
Welcome to my hunting ground, want me to show you around?
Will you show me your rack? Because I would once you do. 
You are my preferred game, girl.
You are so deer to me.
You are the only one I am hunting for.
You are the prey that I have been waiting for.
Your rack is nicer than the any buck I have seen.
Are you NFL season? Because I can't wait for you to come back every year.
At Kicker…Whoever said Disney was the happiest place on earth hasn’t been in his pants…from the Indianapolis Colts… Adam Vinatieri!
At Quarterback…Does he have a shovel in his back pocket cause I’m digging that ass…from the Seattle Seahawks… Russell Wilson!
At Running Back … If he was a fart I would hold him in so I wouldn’t have to let him go …from the Chicago Bears … Matt Forte!
At Running Back… Call me an archaeologist…Because he’s got a large bone I want to examine …from the Baltimore Ravens…Ray Rice!
At Running Back… Is his face on the McDonalds menu? Cause I’m lovin it … from the Tampa Bay Buccaneers… Mike James!
At Tight End… I think he’s suffering from a lack of vitamin me …from the Cleveland Browns… Jordan Cameron!
At Wide Receiver… Damn boy are you a pirate, cause I wanna make a rated ARRR movie with you …from the Pittsburgh Steelers… Emmanuel Sanders!
At Wide Receiver… is his name Google, cause he’s got everything I’m searching for…from the Pittsburgh Steelers… Antonio Brown!
Can I name my fantasy football team after you?
Everyday with you is like NFL season – I wish it never end.
Fifty shades of fantasy... FOOTBALL! Are you ready to get SPANKED?
Game on!
Guess who is my top draft choice?
Hey girl, how about that fantasy football trade?
Hey girl, wanna be in my fantasy... football league?
Hey girl, you rocked your fantasy football draft!
I don't care about your politics, your fashion sense or your taste in music. I judge you solely on your football team preference.
I love it when you yell at the TV when we watch football.
I love you as much as I love my fantasy football team.
I will be your fantasy player.
I would love to spend Sunday nights for the next nine weeks on your couch.
I'm a guy who like to gamble. What are my chance with you?
I'm sorry. I lost track of the points while staring at you.
If fantasy football was full house, then consider me John Stamos.
If you are a NFL player, you will be my Morten Andersen.
My league will always have a spot for you.
So, what is your game plan?
Sorry I won your fantasy football league without understanding football.
Starting Defense… Beww BEWWW Beww…That ‘s the sound of the ambulance coming to pick me up because when I saw them my heart stopped…The Indianapolis Colts!
Want to be part of my league?
Want to check out my lineup?
Want to come over and check out my fantasy potential in my bedroom?
What is your opinion on my latest pick?
Yes, I'm a girl. Yes, I speak football fluently. Stop drooling, you are creeping me out...
You are my number one draft pick.
You are way out of my league!
You must be my fantasy football picks, because you never let me down.
You put the fantasy in fantasy football.
According to my coordinate sheet your dot is on my bed.
Are you a drum major? Cause I've been watching you all day.
Are you a fermata? because I'd like to hold you.
Are you French-horny for my trom-boner?
Are you the drum major stand because I would climb you all day.
Band, horns up!
Blow harder.
Do you believe in love at first set or should I march by again?
Do you have a band-aid? I’ve seemed to have scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you play piccolo because I bet you want a peek down below.
Do you play the vibraphones? Because I have been getting a good vibe from you.
Do you want to see me dance with my pole?
Don't worry, I practice safe sax, and always wear a reed.
Falling out of love with you is as hard as backwards marching in circles.
Girl, you give me a tromboner.
Hey baby, if its not too much treble, I'd like to 'B' with you…naturally.
Hey baby, my name is Legato. You know why? Because I'm smooth.
Hey baby, what is your uniform number? Because I would love to get in those pants.
Hey baby! I'm a percussionist. I bang hard.
Hey girl, are you in marching band? Because you just called me to attention.
Hey girl, you make my heart drop spin.
How do you know when a drummer is knocking at your door? The knock always slows down.
How long is your baton?
I just jazzed everywhere.
I like a man in uniform... a band uniform.
I love how you glitter in the spot light!
I wanna bang that bass drum.
I wanna make you go up an octave.
I wanna stick my reed in your mouthpiece.
I wanna tap that snare drum.
I wrote your name in the middle of a heart on the bottom of my shoe, so when my toes are up, everyone's knows about us.
I'll be at side 1, you'll be at side 2 and we'll both be dressing center.
I'll guard you with all my heart
I'll let you in my toaster
I'll strip for you
I'm too sexy for my sabre
I’ll guard you with all my heart.
I’m gonna make you hit a high note.
If you don't know it, don't blow it.
Is that a baton in your pocket or are you happy to see me?
Is that a color guard uniform you are wearing? I think its hot.
Is that a drumstick or are you just happy to see me?
It's saxy time.
Let’s go into the practice room and work on our tonguing.
Long, loud and lubricated.
Looking good in those tight spandex.
Maybe we can have a sectional time. Just the two of us.
My G-string just broke, can I borrow yours?
My instructor says I have a great blow technique.
My tuba? Yeah….it takes a strong tongue and soft lips to make this kind of music.
Nice brass
One day, you and I will be as close as Tom Wallace and marching band music.
Pull out or push it in more.
Rifles have nice butts
Sabres Soar, Rifles Rule, Flags are always high, you are a diva in training.
Show me your tan lines, I will show you mine.
Spin THIS
That's a nice grand staff you have.
The soprano, not being smart enough to use birth control, says to her saxophophonist lover, 'Honey, I think you better pull out now.' He replies, 'Why? Am I sharp?'
The theme of this movement is love. Let’s develop it.
This set of drill isn't the only thing gonna leave you out of breath tonight.
Trombones can do it in 7 positions
Wanna swap mouth pieces.
We can finger, tongue and blow at the same time.
What is the dynamic range of the bass trombone? On or off.
What's the difference between a SCUD missile and a bad oboist? A bad oboist can kill you.
What's the difference between a Trumpet player and the rear end of a horse? I don't know either.
When you speak, its like 1000 horns all in tune.
Work that pole.
You know I have extra pillow and blanket in the guard room.
You light up my world like a piccolo lights up the sharp side of a tuner.
You make my heart drop spin
You must be on the color guard, because you make my flag rise.
You wanna see how far I can fit my mouth piece into my mouth?
You're cuter than a French composition.
You're like a drum. I want to bang you all night.
You've got all parts of me standing at attention.
Your calves must ache, because you've been back-marching through my mind all day.
Your kisses hit me harder than a solid 7 catch.
Are you Sister Abigail? Because you got my whole world into your hand.
Are you the Ultimate Warrior? Because you have been running through my mind all days.
Are you the Undertaker's undefeated streak at WrestleMania? Because I'm about to conquer you.
Baby, you make me wanna go from part-time to full-time. (The Rock)
Bang Bang? (Cactus Jack)
Call me Bray Wyatt because I'm going to kidnap you.
Call me CM Punk and I'll show you my Anaconda Vise.
Call me cm punk because at the end of the night I'm going make you scream BEST IN THE WORLD!
Call me Jake The Snake cause I'm gonna put Damian on your face.
Call me John Cena because I'll only need five moves.
Call me Mick Foley because tonight we're going hardcore!
Can you dig it, sucka? (Booker T)
Come on, let's hear them.
Damn girl, you've got an ass like Abdullah, mind if if fork it?
Damn, I'd love to do a figure four leglock on your face!
Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? (The Rock)
Do you wanna go over me tonight?
Every girl dreams of marrying a wrestler.
For you, I don't think I'll kick out at two. (Obligatory John Cena)
Hey baby, how about you let my Andre the Giant body slam your Chyna?
Hey baby, I'm a man of 1000 holds and only 1 is ARM BAR.
Hey baby, I'm Dwayne. And I will never leave.
Hey I am a wrestler, let me take you down.
Hi, you may have heard of me. I'm the undie-taker.
Honey, if I was gonna build the perfect girlfriend from the ground up… (JBL)
How would you like to wake up from a drug endued nap married?
I always liked you… but I never told anyone. (Nikki Bella)
I am Reigns on the street, but I'm Ambrose in the sheets.
I am the titty master.
I call my dick Randy Savage, because you'll be screaming ooooooh yeah!
I came here to take you home and chew bubblegum. And I'm all out of bubblegum. (Roddy Piper)
I got two words for ya...
I hope you're an ECW fan, because you and I are about to have a One Night Stand. (Rob Van Dam)
I hope you're not HBK, because I want you to lay down for me. (Bret Hart)
I must be Owen Hart because I'm falling for you.
I want give you dirty deeds but I'm not talking about Dean Ambrose finisher.
I would love to wrestle you.
I'd like to pile drive you baby!
I'd like to put my hand over your chest and in a loud clear voice moan
I'll let you Unleash the Animal...
I'm all about justice, but tonight, I wanna make it about just us
If I do a crucifix armbar on you, will you get on your knees for me?
If I put you in a sleeper hold will you drool all over my body?
If you thought this wasn't going to be the best night of your life, then… I'm afraid I have got some bad news. (Wade Barrett)
Is your favorite wrestler Triple H? Because I can't wait to bury you, tonight.
Is your name Steve Austin? Because you're stunning.
It doesn't matter what your name is (The Rock)
Joint locks, pins and grappling? Is that what you do in wrestling?
Know your role and shut your mouth. (The Rock)
Lay the SmackDown on your candy ass (The Rock)
Let us bury ourselves deep into each other's eyes… (Triple H)
Look girl, normally when you have sex with someone you have a 50/50 chance of being satisfied, but I'm a genetic FREAK and I'm not normal, so with me you have a 141 and 2/3s chance of being satisfied.
Mike Yankee Papa Lima Alpha Charlie Echo. (The Shield)
My client has asked me to inform you that tonight he will be the one behind the one. (Paul Heyman)
Never... eeeeeeeeever be the same again (Chris Jericho)
Ohh you didn't know? Your ass better call me.
Stand back! There's a Hurricane coming through!
Suck it (D Generation X)
The best there is, the best there was, the best there ever will be... (Bret Hart)
Tonight is all about those three words... Yes!Yes!Yes! (Daniel Bryan)
Tonight, I'll show you why they call me The Big Valbowski. (Val Venis)
Tonight, we're going to sleep together and we're gonna do it right here… In Bedroom, Penthouse! (Mick Foley)
Tonight, you will never rest in peace. (Undertaker)
Wanna come back to my place and yell 'NO!' while I yell 'YES!'?
We totally reek of awesomeness (Edge and Christian)
When I first saw you, my jaw dropped like Owen Hart.
Would you be my Katie Vick?
You can't semen me.
You could spinaroonie on my Rock any day!
You know, I lost my smile, but I think you could help me find it. (HBK)
You wanna go Belly-to-Belly or Belly-to-Back? Perhaps something more exotic like Inverted, Wheelbarrow or Electric Chair?
You will be screaming YES, more than Daniel Bryan, before I'm done with you.
You will go one on one with the great one (The Rock)
Your father must've been a thief. Because my painkillers are missing and you look like Natty Neidhart.
Are you an Arabians? Because I heard you are pretty agile.
Are you Knabstrupper? Because you are a rare beauty.
Are you Plavius? Because I wish I can afford you.
Are your pants in the Kentucky Derby? Annnnnnnd they’re off!
As a hot filly and a stud, we could make some Derby winners.
Baby, with or without that fascinator I still find you fascinating.
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.
Don’t make me go in circles for you.
Forget this mob scene. Let’s go hit the hay together.
Girl pick up your saddle because you can ride my pony all night long
Girl, I am hung like... Well, you know...
Girl, I want to foal-fill your needs.
Girl, you should not wear your designer fascinator/ hat, because it covers your beautiful face.
Hey baby, do you want to join my racing club? It is exclusively me.
Hey Chocolate Silver Dapple Pinto, did it hurt when you fell from the sky?
Hey, a one horse open sleigh isn't the only fun thing to ride.
How about me and you go play dress up, I'll be the knight in shining armor and you can be my noble steed, that way I get to ride you all day!'
How'd you make out at the races? No seriously, show me.
I can not decide which horse to place my bet, can you help me?
I have a private luxury box. Wanna come back with me and I will show you some real actions.
I have a saddle, but no horse. I guess you'll have to ride me instead.
I know it's a race, but let's take our time to the finish.
I may be a long shot, but with the right trainer I could come from behind.
I will meet you at the finish line.
I won’t shoot you when you’re old.
I would love to snuggle with you on the bleachers.
I'd bet my last two dollars on you.
I'd like to name a horse after you.
I'll be the boss and you can be my Secretariat.
I'll win if you show at my place.
I'm like the Kentucky Derby, the most exciting 2 minutes of your year.
I’d bet my last two dollars on you.
I’ll be the boss and you can be my Secretariat.
I’ll win if you show at my place.
I’m like the Kentucky derby, the most exciting 2 minutes of your year.
I’ve got a side game going on in my pants…wanna play?
If you are a horse, you will always be my first pick.
If you are ready for more than the usual 8 second ride and a buck off, let me know.
Is it just my shoes or am I getting lucky tonight?
It's your lucky night. My semen is worth millions.
Let's drink Mint Juleps and horse around.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the racetrack. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
My hooves are in serious need of knocking!
Neigh!
Never tell me the odds, I know a winner when I see one.
No no no... I did not attend the Del Mar Races Opening Day just to check out girls in short dresses and high heels.
That's right, girl. I'd like to have a stable relationship with you.
The flower on your hat is gorgeous.
These daily racing forms are stupid. Let's just have sex.
Those eyes. That smile. That body. You're a Triple Crown winner.
To say that I am charitable in the stable, would be ponying around.
Wanna get Kentucky Dirty?
Wanna see my Jockeys?
Wanna see what length I can win by?
Want some of this Derby pie?
What is your name? Because I want to pick you.
When I said let's, 'Go for Gin' and 'Foolish Pleasure' and never 'Behave Yourself,' or have 'Regret,' I was clearly listing past Kentucky Derby winners.
Where are you sitting? Because I want to put my lawn chair next to yours.
Why don't we head back to your place and I will pretend you are a racing horse.
Why don't you get rid of that side saddle and come be my mane squeeze?
Women are usually impressed when I tell them I have a giant horse cock.
Would you be mad if I wanted a photo finish?
Would you like to spend an afternoon in the racetrack with me?
You can ride me so hard they will have to take me out back and shoot me.
You don't have to ask to taste my Seabiscuit.
You know what they say about women with large Derby hats…
You must be an exotic wager, because you are hard to win.
You must be The Golden Akhal Teke, because your beautiful hair is shiny and golden.
You've got the superfecta key to my heart.
Your beauty makes me giddy up!
Am I in the advanced class? Because I like to go hard.
Are you a pranayama teacher? Because you just took my breath away.
Are you doing Ananda Balasana, or are you just happy to see me, baby?
Can I Get in your yoga pants sometime?
Can you feel that universal energy flowing from me to you?
Did you get those yoga pants on sale? Because at my house they're 100% off.
Do you come here often?
Do you like yoga? Because I could downward dog you all night.
Do you like yoga? Because yoganna love this dick
Do you like yoga? If you do, then Yoganna LOVE me!
Do your practice and I am coming..
Every muscle in your body is beautiful.
Hey maybe you can give me a private lesson sometime?
I bet you’re really flexible.
I bet you’re really flexible.
I can think of an activity that'll make you sweat even more than a 90 minute hot yoga class...
I can’t even touch my toes.
I do yoga so I look better naked. Care to see my progress?
I enjoy your company and the silence in between our yoga mats.
I find my core strength in you.
I hope your into yoga, because your going to get a good stretch tonight.
I love it when you wear your yoga pants all day.
I love your energy.
I love your sexy moan when you stretch.
I meditate about you. Will you do the same too?
I wanna be your yoga pants.
I want to see you do yoga. Can I watch you?
I want to stretch with you.
I would hug you after a Bikram Yoga class
I'd let you Chataranga over me any day!
I'm a gymnast, so if you're down for some mattress yoga, count me in!
I'm doing yoga tonight but I rather be doing you.
If I told you that you had a hot yoga body, would you hold it against me?
If you think my camel is impressive, wait until you see my snake.
Is it hot in this Bikram studio, or is it just you?
Keep calm and touch your toes for me.
Looking for Mr. Right? I have great core strength.
My Cobra pose isn't the only thing that's rising upward.
Ommmm... let's meet up in our spirit form.
Once you finish deep breathing, do you want to start panting?
So do you do all that weird breathing stuff?
So…do you work out?
That's a nice pair of yoga pants. Can I talk you out of them?
There's nothing humble about my warrior.
Wanna join me for some downward doggy-style tonight?
We are perfect balance for each other.
We aren't even in hot yoga, but you have me sweating.
We can share my yoga mat so we can become one.
What is your favorite yoga pose? Can you demonstrate it in bed?
When you're in the lotus position, I just want to pollinate you.
White girls that wear yoga pants...Goddamn.
Whoa, you’re flexible. I bet that comes in handy outside of class.
Why don't I help you stretch before yoga tonight?
Why don't we get naked and really get in touch with ourselves?
Why don't we try these positions in bed?
Wow, you're flexible... I'd love to see what you can do outside of class!
You could bounce a quarter off that asana!
You know what they say about girls who are flexible
You look good on your yoga mat.
You've got great posture. I'd love to see you flow sometime.
Your pants say yoga, but your ass says McDonalds.
Your presence gives meaning to my yoga practice and enlightenment.
Your sun salutation would get me to rise every morning.
Your eyes are like a sunset, They're Beautiful, inspiring, and hard to turn away from.
I don't know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.
I must be lost... because I see paradise.
I'm not a very good swimmer, do you have any lifeguard experience?
Nice beach balls, can I play?
Is your name Summer? Cause you are hot!
I'll show you my tan lines if you show me yours.
You should go in the water, cuz you're so hot you're on fire!
I'm drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now!
You hear that? The ocean wants you to join me for a drink.
I barely noticed you in the winter months.
You're so hot, the sun is jealous.
Hear that? The ocean wants you to join me for a drink.
Your eyes are bluer than the Atlantic Ocean, and I'm lost at sea.
I feel like I'm in Scandinavia, because when I'm with you its's like the sun never sets.
Hey baby, the sun isn't the only thing that rises.
Hey ladies, which way to the beach?
Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl on the river. Wanna get a drink later with their money?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I float by again?
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran my boat into yours. So I am going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
Have you ever driven a boat? Try to park it on my dock.
Hey baby, wanna go for a ride on my big dinghy
Would you like to sip on a margarita laying on a boat watching a sunset on a calm night?
Now get out there and pick-up your boat race sweetie!
If you were a boat I would keep you in a garage.
Ay girl, I'd like to throw you on a trailer and haul you to the sea.
You can shiver my timbers anytime.
You'd make for some real smooth sailing
You rock my boat like captain crunch.
Nice life preservers.
Permission to board?
Baby, you've bought yourself a cruise on the Love Boat. I'll be your captain.
Boy: Have u ever been fishing before? Girl: Why? Boy: I think we should hook up!
I don't know if you've ever been fishing but I think we should hookup
I like hookers.
Do you prefer stiff or limp rods?
Nice bobbers!
Can i put my tackle in your box?
Excuse me, can you hold my rod?
You wanna come back, and see my minnows?
I bet I could breath in them waders.
Let me see your fly box.
I've got a 9' rod.
I normally fish for trout but I'll make and exception for you.
Driftin with an attractor like you, baby, is always 'drag free'.
You know I'm da man you been wading for.
Can you tell me the proper way to present my fly to a lady.
If you were a fly baby you'd be 'irresistible'.
Fishing with you in September is best because you can't 'run-off'.
Is this catch and release, cause I DON'T want to let you go.
You know, I have the longest rod on this river.
You see my friend over there trying to fly fish? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.
(As she is leaving her fishing hole) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!
I always knew the best catch of my life would be on this river...
My pull buoy's not the only thing that goes between these thighs. 
Are you Swedish? 'Cause you the sweetest fish I sea.
We could make BEAUTIFUL fish together
Damn you're like an award winning bass. I dunno whether to mount you or eat you.
Wanna come back to my place and scrub algae?
Could you hold my eel? He is a slippery little fucker.
How aboat you come back to my place and check out my huge tank
Can i fish in your pond?
You can call me Nemo, because I'm never afraid to touch the butt.
Can you call a lifeguard? Because I'm drowning in your eyes...
Don't save me just yet. Let me go down a few times.
I can't swim! Can I hold on to your floaties?
I perform best when I'm wet.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
How was your last skinny dip? I bet I can make your next one better.
I wish I'd brought my towel, can I share yours?
I hope you know CPR, because you are taking my breath away.
Is your name summer? Because you are hot!
You make my heart slip 'n slide.
Ignore the ray bans. There is nothing shade-y about me.
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
I really like your suit.
Are you a low interval sprint set? ‘Cause you're making my face all red.
You're like the anti-fog spray for my goggles, you just brighten up my day. 
I could put some motion in your ocean.
You've got the fanciest fantail I've ebber seen.
So you're mermaid huh? I take it you are very accustomed to seamen then?
Excuse me, do I need to buy a ticket for your fantastic voyage?
I'm a Love Pirate, and I'm here for your booty! ARRRGGGHHH!!!
Can I see your tan lines?
I know they say there's plenty of fish in the sea, but I think you're my nemo.
I'm about to dive into the sea...that pu-sea
The way your mask leaves those lines on your face is soooo sexy! 
I'm either bent or in love, sweetheart, because when I see you I get all tingly.
Can you believe they still kill dolphins in some countries? 
Voulez-vous plongez avec moi? 
I'm tired of one-dive stands — I'm looking for some meaningful buddy breathing. 
That wetsuit would look great on my floor! 
Tan line from a wedding ring? No, that's just mysterious underwater coral bleaching. 
Pardon me, when you walked by my mouth went dry ... could you spit in my mask for me? 
Of course it's for science! We're all gonna be living down here one day!! 
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Because I can really see myself in your wetsuit. 
Nice tanks
Rebreather divers go down deeper and stay longer
Cave divers like tight wet holes 
I hear scuba diving does a body good. Wow, you must dive A LOT!
How long do you usually go down for?
Was your dad Neptune? 'Cause I think you are a mermaid.
Your eyes are the same colour as my wetsuit.
I got the boat. You got the harbor. What say we tie up for the night?
If I follow you, will you keep me?
Are you a rescue diver? Please rescue me by coming back to my place later.
I'm a single diver.
I'm narked.
Hey babe, do you know that my mouth can generate over 750 psi?
Can I take your photo angelfish?
Will you go diving with me in the morning, should I phone you or just nudge you?
Do you believe in penetration on the first dive?
Is that a giant triton shell in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?
I was holding my dive computer when I realized I'd rather be holding you.
Do you have a map to this dive site? 'Cause I keep getting lost in your eyes.
Blow bubbles if you want to sleep with me.
That's a nice wetsuit. Can I talk you out of it?
That wetsuit would look great on the floor next to my bed.
Do you believe that size doesn't matter only the expansion rate?
Can I go down with you?
Are you a surfboard?, cause you look like you need a waxing before I can take a ride.
I love the way the ocean pounds the surf.
Your surfboard is so big!
Can I swim in your eyes on a hot summer day?
Hey girl, you make my heart flutter kick.
I never have a false start.
Do you have swimmers as good as China? We'll have to do something about that...
Man, you have to be a swimmer, because you blow everyone else out of the water with your good looks!
They called me the human torpedo even before I took up swimming.
I've never won gold in the breast stroke, but that could all change tonight.
Hey girl, is your name 400 IM? 'Cause you took my breath away.
If you got out with me, I can get you Michael Phelps' phone number.
Hey girl, I'd swim across the ocean just to see you smile.
Hey girl, I'd swim up to 800 meters for your love.
Hey girl, lane lines can't keep us apart.
People tell me I have a good breaststroke, but I'd say I'm a pretty good swimmer too.
You really flipturn me on.
Girl, you give me the butterflies.
Are you the splash-and-dash because you've got my heart beating.
I'm Ryan Lochte. She tells you you're not. I'm Nathan Adrian. Again she calls your bluff. Keep going until you find a swimmer that she'll believe.
Here's a fun game, you be the Titanic and I'll be the iceberg hitting on you.
And you're here in my heart. And my heart will go on and on. Seriously, until you go out with me I'll keep singing
You would have survived the Titanic sinking, you're my better half.
Near, far, wherever you are – as long as it's in the same zip code.
We should go practice never letting go.
I know you said you didn't want to go out, but you know what, they said the Titanic was unsinkable. I'll pick you up at 8.
I know you're out of my league, but I show you below decks if you show me steerage.
I can't stop sinking a boat you.
You shouldn't care that I'm broke. Didn't you see Titanic, the poor people had way more fun, up until they all drowned.
Let's commemorate the sinking of the Titanic and drown our sorrows together.
I'll treat you like the Heart of the Ocean, except the part where it is tossed overboard.
Do you like water polo? Because you look like you like to get down and dirty in the water
How about you let me take you for a ride in my bobsled? And by bobsled, I mean bed.
I'm looking to get bobsleigh'd tonight.
After we're done roasting marshmallows, I'd like to see s'more of you.
Are you a campfire? Cause you're hot and I want s'more
Care to accompany me to the camp dance? Last year, I won the 'Camp Grounded best-of-all-time, hands-down dancer extraordinaire award' so it's pretty worth your while. *Only use on first time campers.
Didn't I see you earlier at the archery range? At first, I thought you were Katniss Everdeen but then I was like, 'No, that girl is way hotter'. *Can be adapted with Peeta Malark though not as strong
I couldn't help notice your wrist is bare. I just finished making this 'serious-dating/long-term-relationship' bracelet. I guess it was meant to be.
I need a drop-dead gorgeous assistant for my talent show act. You available?
I see you have GORP for lunch, would you like some of my beef stick?
I'll scratch your mosquito bites if you'll scratch mine.
If you're scared of the bears you can always come sleep in my tent.
Is that the flicker of firelight in your eyes or are you just naturally radiant?
May I check you for ticks?
My headlamp died. Can you light the way to my cabin with your dazzling smile?
No baby, this ain't my flashlight...
Sorry my team slayed yours in Capture the Flag. Can I make it up to you by letting you take me to dinner?
This tent's not gonna pitch itself baby!
You look a little dehydrated. What do you say we make out?
You need some more fuel for that fire? Cause I got some wood for you right here.
Have you seen my hiking staff? No? Would you like to?
(whisper) If there is a 'Richie Incognito' on your cheerleading squad, blink twice. Just kidding. How about a phone number?
Are you a banana? Because you're great at the splits.
Do you believe in love at first sight of someone's butt?
Don't you watch movies or television? Hot women are supposed to date way beneath themselves.
Hey, do you have an iPhone? My friends told me to FaceTime them if I ever saw an angel. Are you sure your aren't a cheerleader either?
If you ever need a spotter, I'm available. And I'd never let you go.
Spell your name — like 'Gimme an A, gimme an N, gimme a D, gimme a Y. What's that spell? Your future husband.
What I lack in looks and personality, I more than make up for with fantasy football skills.
Would you like to get together sometime and discuss the lack of quality fantasy options on the Jacksonville Jaguars?
Yell, 'We've got spirit, yes we do! We've got spirit, how 'bout you . . . give me your number?
You belong at the top of my pyramid.
You have the most beautiful belly button I've ever seen. I don't like most people's because it's typically one of the most unhygienic areas of a person's body. But yours is lovely, regardless of whether or not you clean it as thoroughly and often as you should.
You ice girls get the job done, while cheerleaders just dance around. You're productivity drives me wild.
Can I hand off my baton to you?
I can go on forever; that's just how I'm designed
I know how to work the bar, I think I can take you.
I'll take good care of your baton
If we raced, I would let you win, so I could get a good view from the back
You run track? 'Cause I heard you relay want this dick.
You've got more curves than a race track.
Just throwing this out there, it may be a shot in the dark, but I just discuss my feelings for you...
Curling? More like curling up next to you in bed, am I right?
I'm no curler, but I think I could sweep you off your feet!
You like curling? Check out me curling my biceps!
Are your legs tired from spinning, or because you've been running through my mind all day?
Baby I noticed you have a new drive train… wanna test it out tonight?
Can I make you a recovery drink? You are going to need it.
Can I make you a recovery drink? You're going to need it.
Can I take you for a spin on my handlebars?
Hey there, do you need to use my pump?
I believe in riding with protection. (looking at a helmet)
I believe in riding with protection. [point to helmet]
I bet we could do some good interval training together.
I bet we could do some good interval training together.
I can keep increasing the resistance on my bike, but I just can't resist you.
I like your frame.
I love morning rides.
I saw you getting dirty on the cyclocross course.
I stretched out my hamstrings, but every time I see you, I feel a tug at my heartstrings…
I thought I was sucking wind in spin, but you really take my breath away.
I WHEELIE like you.
I would love to true your wheels.
I'd buy a tandem just to ride with you.
I'll be your mechanic if you'll be my ride.
I'm an endurance athlete.
I'm no hipster, but I'd ride a fixie for you.
I've never seen a sleeker frame.
Is that your kickstand, or are you just happy to see me?
Let's watch the Tour de France together. We can live stream it in bed tomorrow morning.
Need a commuting partner? Because I am amazing in the bike lane.
This is just my commuter bike. How about I make you dinner and show you my other ones?
Wanna come over and borrow my chain whip?
Want to get anaerobic?
Want to go for a ride?
Want to lock our bikes together?
Want to plan a ride up [insert name of hill or mountain]. It feels great when you're on top.
When are we going to Amsterdam together?
While we were doing those oblique pulls, I couldn't help noticing how ABS-olutely gorgeous you are.
You know, I don't need energy bars to keep me going.
You make my rain pants sweaty.
You make my spokes spin.
You're so cute, you could be a feature on a Cycle Chic blog.
Your pace or mine?
Girl pick up your saddle because you can ride my pony all night long
Hey, a one horse open sleigh isn't the only fun thing to ride.
How about me and you go play dress up, I'll be the knight in shining armor and you can be my noble steed, that way I get to ride you all day!'
I have a saddle, but no horse. I guess you'll have to ride me instead.
Don't make me go in circles for you.
Forget this mob scene. Let's go hit the hay together.
How'd you make out at the races? No seriously, show me.
I know it's a race, but let's take our time to the finish.
I may be a long shot, but with the right trainer I could come from behind.
I won't shoot you when you're old.
I'd bet my last two dollars on you.
I'll be the boss and you can be my Secretariat.
I'll win if you show at my place.
Let's drink Mint Juleps and horse around.
Never tell me the odds, I know a winner when I see one.
Wanna see my Jockeys?
Wanna see what length I can win by?
Would you be mad if I wanted a photo finish?
You've got the superfecta key to my heart.
Are your pants in the Kentucky Derby? Annnnnnnd they're off!
As a hot filly and a stud, we could make some Derby winners.
I'm like the Kentucky Derby, the most exciting 2 minutes of your year.
Those eyes. That smile. That body. You're a Triple Crown winner.
Wanna get Kentucky Dirty?
Want some of this Derby pie?
When I said let's, 'Go for Gin' and 'Foolish Pleasure' and never 'Behave Yourself,' or have 'Regret,' I was clearly listing past Kentucky Derby winners.
You know what they say about women with large Derby hats…
Are you an ice skater, cuz damn what a figure
Can I get your jersey? (What?) You know your name and number.
Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!
Do you wanna see a magic trick? Watch me pull something out of my pants!
Dont stop! I dont usually get to see beauty in motion
Hey girl, my gold medal might be shiny but it looks like a dull penny compared to that sparkle in your eyes.
Hey girl. I won this gold medal, but I'd really like to win your heart.
I always go for the goal in the sack!
I Couldn't Help but Notice You Have the Same Jersey on as Me
I know how to get a leg up on the competition
I like the benchwarmers, sure they could keep me warm at night too
I love your Merrells.
I'm going for the silver, because I'll make sure you come first.
If I gave you my shoe, would you step into my life?
If you were a pair of Nike sneakers id be in and outta you all day.
It doesn't matter how you do in your competition, you'll finish first after a night with me.
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire...
Too bad you're not wearing your jersey. I'd love to get your name and number
Want to become my new personal best?
We're celebrating the win after the game with a drink, you should join us.
We're commiserating tonight's terrible loss at the bar across the street. you should join us.
You must be good luck, we're playing well tonight
You should be wearing a jersey so i dont have to ask for your name or number
Your Smile Shines Brighter Than a Gold Medal
I'm a gymnast, so if you're down for some mattress yoga, count me in!
What do you say we get out of here and do some rhythmic gymnastics?
Did you know this was a kissing gate?
How do I find the trail that leads to your heart?
My CamelBak is full of whiskey.
There's an après party in my bibs. You're invited.
Does this lift go to heaven? Because you're an angel.
Can I pet your beaver pelt?
Want to share my ground blind?
You must do hurdles, because it only took you seconds to jump into my heart
Do you know karate? Because your body is kicking.
I know I just kept that last ball in, but believe me, if the ball was you, I'd gladly take you out.
I know this zoning doesn't allow us to be in the same third,
But there's no line I wouldn't cross to be with you, my forbidden love.
I know you're playing GD, but I can tell - you're a keeper.
I'm lucky the dragging rule only applies to the feet.
Cos my jaw's been on the ground ever since I saw you on the court tonight.
I've never found the obstruction rule hard to obey before.
But tonight, I find the thought of being 3 feet away from you unbearable.
If I was taller, I'd pull that ring right down and put it on your finger.
If I was the ref, I'd call you for held.
Cos you've been in possession of my heart for way longer than 3 seconds.
If my heart was a netball court, you'd be centre.
It's a shame that netball bibs only have a position and not a number, cos I'd sure like to know yours
It's a shame these bibs aren't made to stop druelling.
Cos you look delicious.
Sorry I'm pretty new to the game. But I'm just wondering what the W on your bib stands for.
The A obviously stands for angel.
Sorry I've just been a bit confused about the zoning tonight.
Basically, are you allowed into my heart?
Cos that's where I keep finding you.
Usually I try and avoid penalties.
But tonight i just want to stand beside you.
When I saw you walk on the court tonight wearing WD, my heart said 'Wife Dat'.
We can continue arguing who has the best mustache in NASCAR … over breakfast
I drive race cars
'On Belay' 'Belay On' 'Climbing' 'Turned on!'
Can I get a belay? Cuz I'm fallin' for you....
Can I put my nuts on your rack?
Can you hold these nuts for a sec? 
Climb On
Drytooling? Smearing? Mixed? Congaline? I'm up for anything as long as I get to place some gear!
Her favorite technique is stemming
Hey baby, you workin' that crack!
Hi, I'm Chris Sharma. 
I could rest on those jugs all day
I have a tuber you can use anytime you want
I'm in the mood for a stamina crushing jughaul…my place or yours?
I'm the best Belay in Town
If I scrub that crack, will you wash my rope?
If you show my your rack, I'll show you my nuts.
Is that a stalagmite feature or are you just happy to see me?
Keep me tight, I'm going to layback and work the crack
My portaledge sleeps two, you know.
Nice booty!
No! You don't understand, that's not what I meant by having krabs on my nuts!
Spread your legs and trust the rubber.
That's the problem with climbing safe! You try to use protection, but you just end up with krabs.
The thing I like about cracks: The deeper you get, the better it feels.
Watch me, while I beat on this pin
You had me at On Belay
80 minutes, 15 positions, wanna ruck?
Are you a hooker?
Come inside me
Do you like odd shaped balls?
Do you wear protection?
I'd hit that
I'm a trier!
I'm good with my hands.
Let's couch, bind and engage.
Nice tackle!
Scrum with me?
Wanna ruck?
What's your favourite position?
Would you go down on it?
Would you like to roll with my maul?
Would you like to wrap around?
You look like a perfect 10 to me.
“I started cramping at the end, my nutritionist says I need a little more Vitamin U.
(At the end of a race) I am like chocolate pudding. I look like crap but I am sweet as can be!
Apart from being a running gear model, what do you do for a living?
Are my running shoes untied? Because when you ran by, I started trippin'
Can you run with me so I can tell my friends I've ran with an angel?
Dang it! My coach told me not to get my heart rate over 160 today but then I saw you!
Excuse me… Do these shorts make me look fast?
Good thing I have a GPS watch because I'm lost without you
I am not sure if it was this run or you that just took my breath away.
I hope there's a fireman around, 'cause you're smokin' fast!
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us running together
It's always too hot when I run with you.
My heart rate's always up when I run with you.
My love for you is like an ultra-marathon. It goes on and on.
My name is Garmin. Will you take me running every day?
Oh, I just beat you by (insert number of minutes) and (insert number of seconds). If you'd like, we can train together and see if we can't improve our running times.
On a scale of 1 -10 you are a 26.2!
Roses are red, violets are blue, would you mind if I ran with you?
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity or time approach infinity, because I want to run all the way with you. (For the nerdy runner.)
Since distance equals velocity times time, let’s let velocity or time approach infinity, because I want to run all the way with you.
Was that an earthquake or are you rocking this run?
What are your times? Because I can show you the time of your life
What's your PR (Personal Record)? If you go out with me, you will be mine!
When I log my run in my journal today, it will say I ran 10 miles with my future wife/husband.
When it comes to love I am in it for the long run. Want to join me?
You can stop running after your dreams. I'm right here
You run faster than my nose in allergy season!
You run like DSL. How can I get high-speed access?
You're really sweating, do you want an S-Cap?
Your glow looks great, I'm struggling to stay hydrated in this heat.
Your voice is so beautiful, you make fartleks sound appealing.
Hey baby I'd like to bomb your hill.
Hey girl, I'd really appreciate it if you would clutch deeznutz.
Hey girl, wanna go downhill... on me?
Hey gorgeous nice setup
I'd like to clean your hardwear and fill you with speed cream if u know what I mean.
I'd love to see you get Loaded and start Bustin out them Nipples.
I'll only get off my longboard if I can ride you instead.
If I were a skateboard, I'd grind on you all night.
My parts are all always cleaned and lubed
Nice wood, can i ride it?
Wanna ride my deck?
Wanna stroke my Stoke stiffy?
You know what they say about long boards...
You wanna help get rid of these blue balls?
Can I nose press your box?
Help me work on my pole plant?
I didn't know snow angels could fly.
Let's huck.
Mind taking those goggles off so I can see heaven?
NICE SKIS
Single!?
Wanna get a few turns in on my corduroy?
Wanna see what's under my topsheet?
What do you and the mountain have in common? Tonight, you're both getting 8 inches.
What's your DIN?
Wow, you're rocking pretty tall skis for such a little lady.
If your hands are cold, it's warm under my thigh vents.
Your beacon batteries might be low, because it took me all day to find you.
Not a soccer fan, but I'd like to kick it with you
Forget third base—let's just head home.
I understand you like to play with bigger balls…
You aren't making me soft—that's for sure.
Your legs must be tired because you've been speed skating through my mind all night.
Are you from Tennis Channel? 'Cause that's where champions live.
Babe trust me the only time I'd play games with you is on the court.
Babe, you played a good match, but you and me are a PERFECT match.
Care to knock a few balls with me?
For you, I'd give unlimited lets.
Girl get rid of those Dunlop balls, you deserve better.
Girl I'll beat you 6-0 every time, 'cause I'll never stop loving you.
Girl I'm not tryna brag or anything, but one time I hit an inside out forehand winner.
Girl quit playing so defensive; I'm just tryna approach you.
Girl, save that grunting for the bedroom.
Girl, your shots are pretty flat, but you sure aren't.
Hey baby, when I call 'love,' I really mean it!
I can't handle your shots girl but I sure can handle you.
I don't mean to be rude, but can you hold my balls while I take my racket out of my bag?
I love you girl. I've let a lot of shots pass me before, but not this time!
I'll be your Andre Agassi if you'll be my Steffi Graf.
I'm tired of the singles action—how about we play some doubles?
In the 'Winner Dates Me' Tournament, I'd say you're the number 1 seed.
Smash or pass? In tennis I'll do both.
That was a pretty deep shot girl, but I'll be even deeper inside.
Tired of singles? Let's play some doubles.
Wassup I got a couple balls in my pocket if you're interested.
When you're done painting the lines, we should paint the town red.
Which side do you want?
Why don't you hit my balls with your 'rack'et?
Why play tennis when we can use the table for other things?
You can score all the points tonight so I'll always be in love.
You got a tight grip on that racquet. That's gonna come in handy tonight.
You wanna go for a bagel some time?
You want to be my doubles partner - for life?
Considering how many people's bare feet are constantly walking through that sand, you probably shouldn't be rolling around in it. Would you like to get some dinner? After you've cleaned yourself thoroughly, of course.
Do you play volleyball? Because you look like your good on ur knees!
I really dig you.
I'd get on my kneepads for you any day.
If you're a volleyball player, I think we can set something up in the near future.
No, I don't play volleyball for the American team, but I'm flattered you thought so.
Why set and spike when we could just bump uglies?
Are you a pranayama teacher? 'Cause you just took my breath away.
Are you doing Ananda Balasana, or are you just happy to see me, baby?
Did you get those yoga pants on sale? Because at my house they're 100% off.
Did you get those yoga pants on sale? Because at my house they're 100% off.
Do you like yoga? Cause I could downward dog you all night.
Do you like yoga? Cause yoganna love this dick
Do you like yoga? If you do, then Yoganna LOVE me!
I can think of an activity that'll make you sweat even more than a 90 minute hot yoga class...
I hope your into yoga, cause your going to get a good stretch tonight.
I love it when you wear your yoga pants all day.
I love your energy.
I'd let you Chataranga over me any day!
Is it hot in this Bikram studio, or is it just you?
My Cobra pose isn't the only thing that's rising upward.
That's a nice pair of yoga pants... can I talk you out of them?
There's nothing humble about my warrior.
Wanna join me for some downward doggy-style tonight?
White girls that wear yoga pants...Goddamn.
Wow, you're flexible... I'd love to see what you can do outside of class!
You could bounce a quarter off that asana!
You've got great posture. I'd love to see you flow sometime.
Your pants say yoga, but your ass says McDonalds.
Are you an ice skater, cuz damn what a figure
Boy, I'm an Olympian. Why? Because I always go for gold in the bedroom!
Curling? More like curling up next to you in bed, am I right?
Do you have swimmers as good as China? We'll have to do something about that...
Do you like water polo? Because you look like you like to get down and dirty in the water
Don't worry ladies. I only come first once every 4 years.
Even if you don't get a medal, I can make your trip to _______ worthwhile
Girl... tonight you can be like Canada's medal count... On the top
Half pipe? Let me show you a full pipe, girl.
Hey girl are you a skiing event, cause I would travel cross-country for you!
Hey girl, I'd swim across the ocean just to see you smile.
Hey girl, I'd swim up to 800 meters for your love.
Hey girl, is your name 400 IM? 'Cause you took my breath away.
Hey girl, lane lines can't keep us apart.
Hey girl, my gold medal might be shiny but it looks like a dull penny compared to that sparkle in your eyes.
Hey girl, you make my heart flutter kick.
Hey girl. I won this gold medal, but I'd really like to win your heart.
Hey, wanna be part of my qualifying heat?
How about you let me take you for a ride in my bobsled? And by bobsled, I mean bed.
I always go for the goal in the sack!
I can be your coxswain
I can show you how to row the boat
I know how to get a leg up on the competition
I know how to work the bar, I think I can take you.
I like the benchwarmers, sure they could keep me warm at night too
I may be Russian into things, but would it be sochieesy to ask for your number?
I never have a false start.
I see London, I see France, I want to see you without pants!
I'll take good care of your baton
I'm a gymnast, so if you're down for some mattress yoga, count me in!
I'm American, think I can win you over
I'm going for the silver, because I'll make sure you come first.
I'm Hungary for your kisses!
I'm looking to get bobsleigh'd tonight.
I'm no curler, but I think I could sweep you off your feet!
I've been carrying this torch for you all night, let's go put it out at my place.
I've got the biggest torch in sochi and I'm looking for someone to blow it out
I've never won gold in the breast stroke, but that could all change tonight.
If we raced, I would let you win, so I could get a good view from the back
If you got out with me, I can get you Michael Phelps' phone number.
If you're a volleyball player, I think we can set something up in the near future.
It doesn't matter how you do in your competition, you'll finish first after a night with me.
Let's have a drink for America and see what happens next
Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.
Man, you have to be a swimmer, because you blow everyone else out of the water with your good looks!
No, I don't play volleyball for the American team, but I'm flattered you thought so.
Not a soccer fan, but I'd like to kick it with you
People tell me I have a good breaststroke, but I'd say I'm a pretty good swimmer too.
Pool aren't the only thing Olympic-sized around here.
Some people like to watch the Olympics because they happen once every four years but I'd rather talk to you because talking to someone as special as you only happens once in a lifetime.
The slopes aren't the only thing I'm going down on tonight
The snow report says there is 6' out there, But come with me and I'll show you 12'!
There's a place where I don't get any deductions, come home with me and find out.
They called me the human torpedo even before I took up swimming.
Want to become my new personal best?
What do you say we get out of here and do some rhythmic gymnastics?
When I'm done with you, you'll finish like the fireworks at the opening ceremony!
Why don't you give me a poke with your saber?
Why play tennis when we can use the table for other things?
Wow boy, you kill it!
You have a really nice backside.... 360
You like curling? Check out me curling my biceps!
You must do hurdles, because it only took you seconds to jump into my heart
You'll be falling on something harder than the ice tonight.
You're better than the Summer Olympics, you were worth waiting a whole lifetime for
You're rooting for Team USA too? We have enough in common for a one-night stand
You're totes an ace
Your legs must be tired because you've been speed skating through my mind all night.
Your Smile Shines Brighter Than a Gold Medal
Are you a screamer?
Are you here for the fencing lesson, because I'm about to shove it in
Are you into whips, or just good old fashioned thrusting?
Are you looking for someone who's a cut above the rest?
Can I be your bp later?
Can I help hook you up?
Can I lubricate your point tonight?
Did I just hear you say 'Strip'?
Do I have the right of way?
Do you wanna circle my weapon?
Do you want to go retreat into the sunset with me?
Don't worry about a thing, I brought a protective rubber tip.
Gosh those are tight knickers, how does one go about getting into them?
Hey babe, lets go back to my place and practice point in line.
Hey baby, wanna see my bayonet?
Hey Baby, what's your weapon?
How 'bout you and I get together and see if we can discover a new secret thrust?
How 'bout' a date?
How would you like to go corps a corps?
I can't help myself, when you're near I succumb to the temptations of the flèche so easily.
I just put a new rubber tip on my practice blade, and I need someone to test it out on.
I love the way your lamé glitters in the moonlight.
I need to work on my character of penetration, can you help me?
I prefer the French style, but I hear Italian is fun too.
I want to touch you all over!
I would give anything just to be your body-wire!
I'd like to show you a few moves I learned one night in Paris.
If fencers still wore hearts on their uniforms you'd see how you've touched mine.
It was direct elimination when I saw you.
Let me buy you a Lexan mask so I can gaze into your eyes all day.
Let me help you straighten your blade.
Let me reel you in.
Let's hook up.
Oh baby, you don't know how much i wanna touche' your valid target area
Oh Honey, I'd give you priority anytime!
Oh please? I don't get much action below the belt!
Say prise de fer again, French is such a sensual language!
That's the nicest touche I've seen all season!
The back of your jacket says 'CAN', now my question is 'Would you please?' (Work on Canadian fencers)
The blue writing on your back tells me your name, now all I need is your phone number.
This may be l'ame, but will you go out with me?
Wanna find out why my friends call me the Scoring Apparatus?
Wanna measure my travel?
Wanna pull my body wire tonight?
Want to find out what the real lefty advantage is?
We could practice our fingering technique together.
What say you give me a 'by' past the elimination rounds and we get right to the finale?
What's a naughty thing like you doing wearing white?
Will you parry me?
Would you like to call the action?
Would you like to come back to my place and see my advanced target area?
You can lunge at me any time.
You don't need 750 grams of pressure to score on me baby!
You fleched right into my heart the moment I laid eyes on you!
You look edgy, perhaps you should lower your guard a little.
You're cute, want to corps à corps?
Your salle or mine?
Bagy, yrrr so beurdiffle dat I feel I can be nacheral wif yoo.
C'mon baby, the iceman cometh… but never too soon.
Can I slip one past your goalie?
Can I slip one past your tendy?
Despite the fact that I am the better skater, I would still recruit you for my tonsil hockey team.
Do you have a jersey? Because I need your name and number.
Do you play hockey? 'Cause I wouldn't mind poke-checking you.
Ever kiss a guy with no teeth?
Football players get cheerleaders, but hockey players bring them home.
Gretzky isn't the only great one.
Hey girl, lemme get a few slapshots on your bum.
Hi my name's Stanley, wanna see my cup?
Hi, I'm Zam. How would you like a Zamboni ride?
Hi, my name's Stanley... wanna see my cup?
How about we drop the gloves and go at it?
I bet I can score on your 5-hole
I bet my stick would feel great in your crease.
I give roughing a whole new definition.
I may be toothless, sweaty, and all black and blue, but I make a mean quiche Lorain.
I only drool when I'm standing upright.
I promise I'm good for more than just a one-timer.
I think you just tripped me, 'cause I just fell for you.
I'd love to serve a 5 minute penalty in your box.
I'm good on the ice, but I'm GREAT in bed!
I've been called a dirty player but lets just see how dirty we can get tonight.
I've got a curved stick.
If I can't score, can I at least get an assist?
If I said I'd like to score on you tonight would you think I was being too forward?
If you were a puck, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.
Let me show you that I'm good for more than just a one-timer
Life is better when we stick together.
Look, my teeth spell out 'I love you' in block letters!
Me take you eat
My other stick curves to the right
My skate blade is not the only thing made of steel.
Nice Skates... wanna puck?
Nice Skates...Wanna Cross the Blue Line with Me?
Reasons to Date a Hockey Player: 1. They Always Wear Protection 2. They Have Great Hands 3. They Are Used To Scoring 4. They Have Great Stamina 5. They Find The Opening And Get It In 6. They Never Miss The Target 7. They Know How To Use Their Wood 8. They Have Long Sticks 9. They Know When To Play Rough 10. Because Baseball Players Only Know How To Hit Balls
So this guy says he hates hockey players because they have no tact and are easily distracted, so I… Hey! Babe! Wanna screw?
The grip on my stick is custom textured for your pleasure.
The ref better give me 2 for hooking cuz baby I'm hooked on you.
Wanna go for a ride on my Zam-boner?
Wanna hipcheck?
Wanna ride my Zam-boner?
Wanna see my 'hat-trick?'
We're gonna go beat up Scott Hamilton. Wanna come?
Well if I can't score, can I get an assist?
What do you say we drop the gloves and go at it?
Would you like a PUCK?
You heard right: I only take off this mask for two things.
You know, less teeth means more tongue.
You must be the oppositions net, because i can't wait to be inside you.
You sweep me off my feet!
You think Zdeno Chara has a long stick? Wait until you see mine!
You wanna be my equipment manager?
Aye girl, are you Dennis Rodman? Cause I'll be your rebound
Are you from Cleveland, because I'm digging that Cavalier attitude.
Are you on the rebound? Because my D. Favors you.
Damn girl I must be Kobe cause I can't pass you up.
Do you know what the Chicago Bulls and I have in common? Solid D.
Do you know what the Indiana Pacers and I have in common? Solid D.
Do you like basketball? Because when I saw you, my D. Rose.
Do you love basketball? You only need a basket cause i already got balls.
Girl you can call me D. Rose cause you got me weak in the knees.
Girl you can call me Paul George cause you got me showing my bone.
Girl, let me take you home and show you my advanced statistic.
Hey big guy, you've really got an exceptionally pure shot. We'd make a cute couple, cuz I happen to be an exceptionally pure woman.
Hey girl, do you ref during the playoffs? Cause you look like you can swallow a whistle.
Hey girl, Monta Ellis must be jealous. Because you, truly, have it all.
Hey sugar-buns, do you play Center? Wanna be the center of my attention?
I can score from multiple positions.
I can tell you must spend a lot of time on the court. It's your lucky day, because I'm looking for somebody who loves me enough to follow an elaborate court-ship procedure, and that may take years! Make sure to emphasize the court in the courtship, otherwise a great pun could get lost in there.
I hand out couple assists per game, but never landed on a dime like you
I hear you're a great dribbler. Me too. There's a whole puddle over there where I was dribbling over you, hon'.
I hit threes all the time but you'd be my first ten
I wanna be linside you
I Wouldn't Pay $2 Billion for the Clippers, but I Would for Dinner with You
I'd love to take it to the hole and drop my balls in your Hoop!
I'm a good ball handler, what about you
I've never made an incomplete pass, and I hope you won't be my first.
If I were a basketball player I'd be Shaquille O'Feel
If you were a basketball, could I drive you, and lay you up?
If you were a basketball, I would never shoot you because I will always miss you.
If you were a basketball, I'd never pass because I want to keep you all to myself.
If you were a basketball, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.
If you were a basketball, would you let me lay you up?
Instead of zone defense, what do you say we play some man-to-woman coverage tonight?
Is your name Kevin? Because I think I Love you.
May I put my balls in your basket?
Should I take it to the hole or take it to the rack?
Sweetie-pumpkin, you got so much game, you must be a natural. Want to come with me to listen to a speaker on Natural Family Planning? It's Thursday at 6:30 in the parish hall. Again, watch that pun!
They Call Michael Jordan the GOAT, but I Think You Really Are
You be the Bulls and I'll bring the Heat!
You be the Knicks and I'll bring the Heat!
You gonna call my dick James, cuz it looks like a Rocket when it HARDENS.
You may have heard that I'm a great ballhandler. Want to sample my skills?
You might not be a Bulls fan, but I know you felt it when this D rose.
You're Sweeter Than a Steph Curry Jumper
You're so short, you must play guard. Want to guard and protect me and the children we may one day welcome into our lives?
Your Jordan jersey looks nice, but I bet it'd look even nicer on my bedroom floor.
Are you a Nike One Platinum ball because I'd like to see you on a T?
After 18 Holes, I can barely walk.
Are you a water hazard? Because you got me soaking wet.
Are you into kinky stuff? How would you like to do something I won't do for anyone on the PGA tour? I'll let you beat me.
Are you sure you aren't all four majors because you would be a grand slam?
Bring some friends, and we can play a foursome.
Damn, girl. You've got the nicest boobs I've seen outside a PGA Tour locker room.
Do you want me to pull it?
Does a bear crap in the woods? No, but I'm willing to screw in them.
Excuse me, Miss, are you looking for the fairway? Because you coming back to my hotel is the only fair way for this evening to go.
From the moment I saw you, I've had a vertical shaft angle.
Hello, more than friends.
Hey baby...can you suck a golf ball through 50 feet of garden hose?
Hey would you like what you're hiding in your tight jeans to be the 34th ranked golfer in the world because I can make that V-jay sing?
Hey, were you just promoted from Army captain because I'm always up for getting another major?
How about grabbing two of your friends so we can play a foursome?
How about you be my caddy and wash my balls tonight?
How about you bring two of your friends and we play a foursome?
How many strokes do you want?
I hope you like it rough because I don't replace my divots.
I just finished a round of golf, wanna be my 19th hole today?
I only play in the short grass
I promise to lick your balls clean and polish your shaft before and after each use during the upcoming golf season.
I wanna take out your golf clubs and score a HOLE in 1.
I'm a bit tired so how about we just play your backside tonight?
I'm a bit tired, so can we just play your backside tonight?
I'm gonna pound you like I do these range balls.
I'm known on the tour for having a lengthy club.
I'm like a US Open hard and long!!
I'm still working on my approach, but I think I have a pretty good swing.
I've been playing golf all day and would love to make you my 19th hoe.
I've got some good news. I like to go low.
Is that my golf bag in your pants because I just finished a long drive and I'd like to put my wood in it?
Is your body a shot that comes up short on the 17th hole of the Old Course at St. Andrews because I can see it rolling around in the sand?
It takes balls to play golf.
Look how big his putter is...
My caddy says I should use a hard 7. You okay with that?
My drives aren't always long and straight.. but I can show you what is!
My shaft is too long.
Obviously I'm a man that loves Gatorade and I'd definitely like to raid your gato. That's mispronounced Spanish for cat which is another word for...you get the idea. I'm Tiger Woods.
Oh you only have a threesome, mind if I join?
So what's it gonna be today, Stroke Play or Skins?
Spread your legs shoulder width, that's the first step to a successful golf swing.
Wanna be my 19th hole today?
Wanna be my caddy? You look like you'd be a great ball-washer.
Wanna see my cobra?
Wanna see my super stroke?
Would you like to see my Slazenger along with my freshly cleaned balls?
Would you mind being treated like a green that I'm 140 yards away from, holding my pitching wedge with very little wind in any direction? Because I'm going to come after you aggressively and probably leave a ball mark.
You in the mood for some stroke play?
You interested in trying some new balls?
You look like someone who likes to swing.
You're like an ugly dog-leg, but I'd still like to tee off.
You're more beautiful than a hundred pink flamingos on a golf course.
Your butt reminds me of St Andrews.. Hard and Firm
Your putt looks great in those pants
After this early morning spring training workout, you wanna come be my afternoon delight?
All the other guys out there are like broken bats, I'm a good, hard wood
Are we in the bullpen? Cuz you're warming me up.
Are you accepting applications for your fan club? I'd love to join since I'm already a member of the Mr. Met fan club!
Are you Anthony Recker because I just wanna let you pull my dinger
Are you Eric Sogard because there's no way I'd ever forget your
Are you in the on deck circle, or is that halo?
Are you in the on deck circle? Cuz you're up next (to date me).
Are you in the outfield? Because you're an angel.
Are you Sonny Gray cos I just wanna stare at your curves all day
As a baseball player, I know my way around the bases.
Babe, I didn't forget about you, how bout if I call you up this September?
Babe, there's a few tough road series coming up, but if we can make it through them, I'll know it's real.
Baseball players only wear one glove so they can leave the other hand free to hold girls like you.
Can I pinch hit on you?
Can I show you my spitball?
Can you tame my diamondback? Everybody else has
Come back to my place and i'll show you what a real sabermagician does
Dang, girl. You're a fielder's choice.
Did you just hit me with a pitch? Cuz I'm feeling faint.
Even though there's no ball game on tonight, ill still be slamming something out of the park
Girl is your name baseball, cause I just want to hit it.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart. Just like Dee Gordon when he steals bases!'
Hello. I am a professional baseball player.
Hey babe, now that the season's over, lets go back to my place and watch the highlight film
Hey girl, I've been warming up this bench for you MY WHOLE LIFE.
Hey girl. do you have a club option? Because my interest in you is mutual.
I got a private conference in my hotel room at the winter meetings, come on up if you wanna look at my trade package
I hope you're good at catching cause I'm starting to fall for you.
I just want something quick to fill a gap, let's hook up on a one-year deal and then look at our option years later
I know I'm out of options, but I'll fight my way in and prove to you that I can make your team into a contender
I think I glove you.
I wield a big stick.
I'd got to bat for you, babe.
I'd lay down a sacrifice for you.
I'm an outfielder – I'll catch you.
I'm an umpire. Now, give me your number so I can make the call.
I'm falling in glove with you.
If you date me, you'll eventually see a diamond.
If you were a baseball and I was a bat would you let me hit that?
If you were a baseball could I hit a homerun
If you were a baseball mit, would you catch my fly balls?
If you were a reliever, I'd sign you up to a three year contract with a vesting option
Is that a batting glove in your pocket, or do you have kind of a lumpy butt? Cuz if you do, that's cool. I'm not picky.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right? I was just curious since this is Derek Jeter's last season, if you had a chance to see him one last time before he retires? We could go if you'd like!
Like a platoon player, I'm dying to get some action
Looks like you're the big ticket free agent, and I got a lotta money to spend.
My dugout, or yours?
My love for you is like the A's and Daric Barton: it never dies.
My split finger will have your knees buckling
Of all the butts in all the locker rooms, well, yours is way better.
Play in my extra innings, I guarantee I'm a long reliever
So am I gonna be your closer tonight, or are you putting me in middle relief?
The game's getting boring, wanna go back to my place and make it a blowout?
The only thing tender today is my heart for you
They call me 'The Lead' because the A's bullpen wants to blow me
They call me Derek Jeter because I got loose hips and I'm good at stroking balls away
They call me the Arizona D'Backs because I always play ball games late into the night
They say I'm like John Jaso because I'm all clear to be behind your plate all summer long
They say to bat me 2nd because I'm a good 2-hole hitter
Two more follows and we can start the giveaway! Come on people, I draw pretty okay too
Uhhhh, my lead off's not great, and though I may be off base, I'd like to take you on a date.
Unlike Dee Gordon, I give you full permission to tag my butt
Us baseball players know our way around the bases.
Wanna come over and calculate some fip?
Wanna hear a joke? The Blue Jays. Wanna hear something serious? My love for you.
We must be in the bullpen because you're warming me up.
Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes? Sorry, but you can't use one on the Seattle Mariners winning a World Series championship just because they signed Robinson Cano for a decade-long contract.
What's long and hard and intimidates everyone? My BAT. Isn't it adorable?
What's the 'win probability' of me taking you home tonight, baby?
Whatcha got?
Would you just take one for the team, and go out with me?
Yeah girl, I could take you to the ball, or I could bring the ball to you...
You can call me the A's because I'm destroying that Kitty right now
You know, I've never needed a third base coach to wave me home.
You make my heart as spongey as the A's infield
You're a Catch Worthy of a Gold Glove
You're getting a long one tonight, and I'm not talking about the Home Run Derby
You're like a student and I am like a math book, you solve all my problems! Just like Billy Beane when it comes to acquiring key baseball players who always get on base.
You're like baseball: A thinkin' man's game.
You're like baseball: I'd love to play you in front of a crowd.
You're like baseball: You make me all nervous and then nothing happens.
You're quite the catch, baby.
Your pitch must have hit me because I'm feeling a little faint.
0
0
0
0
0
Are you Ashley Young? Cause you can dive on me anytime.
Are you David Beckham? Because I'd bend for you.
Are you Messi? Cause I am dribbling all over you.
Are you Suarez? Cause I'll let you bite me all night.
Are you Valdes? Because I want to teach you how to handle balls.
Baby I can be Spain and you can be Ireland, tonight. In other words, I'm gonna screw you hard!
Because I play soccer all of the time, I'm really good at footsie.
Can I be one of the men in your box?
Can I take a few shots at your goal?
Can you be Zidane tonight? Because I want some head.
Did you know I'm the Ronaldo of lovers?
Did you know you look good in short pants?
Do you play soccer? Because I think I'm gonna score tonight.
Don't Worry, Baby, I Won't Bite (Luis Suarez)
Ever wondered why people call me the shooter?
Guy: Wanna go out? Girl: I have a boyfriend. Guy: It's just like soccer, just because there's a goalie doesn't mean you cant score.
Hey is your name Vincent? Because I really need your Kompany.
Hey, did ya know I'm part of a soccer team? (Really?) Yeah, hopefully I score tonight.
Hey, girl. I bet I can get you excited without even using my hands.
I bet you play soccer because you're a keeper.
I can be Manchester City and you can be Tottentham. In other words, I am gonna screw you hard tonight.
I can bend it better than Beckham.
I can go 90 minutes without stopping.
I can score more often than the average soccer player.
I have the hands of god plus a few other body parts from the devil.
I know you love playing soccer, wanna play a soccer lover?
I like Ronaldo, But I'd like to get Messi.
I like to practice some of my penalty kicks with you.
I must say you're more beautiful than the beautiful game.
I want you in my mouth.
I won't give you a yellow card if you take off your shirt.
I'll be kicking myself if I don't get to know you better.”
I'm at my best during overtime.
I'm like Arsenal: I'll stay on top but I'll finish second.
If I buy a soccer ball, will you kick it with me?
If you were a soccer ball, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.
Is your name Arjen? Because you're Robben my heart.
Is your name Joe? Cause you've won my Hart.
Is your name Luis? Because I am hot as Figo without the ego.
Is your name Patrice? Because I want to keep you for Evra.
It must suck not being able to use your hands like how you would use your hands on me
Know anyone called Omer? Cause you have a Toprak
Let's scream and moan and writhe around on the ground together.
My name must be Ashley Young, because I'm falling for you.
Soccer players can go for 90 minutes and know 11 different positions....Just letting you know!
Up for a quickie? I can finish with one touch.
Wanna see my world cup in action?
Want to go upstairs and see my autograph picture of pele?
What do you say we get out of these kits and test our fitness levels?
You know... Soccer players can go for 90 minutes and know 11 different positions...
You wanna score or just knock around my balls?
You're allowed to use your hands in this game.
You're Hotter Than the 2022 World Cup in Qatar
Are you an eligible receiver... of my phone number?
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, everything in the room became beautiful. It's like every single time Peyton Manning throws for a touchdown pass against the New England Patriots!
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I know I see! So how about we talk about what kind of season Jake Locker will have this year with the Titans?
Are you going to ask me out soon, or do I need to call a delay of game penalty?
At Kicker: Whoever said Disney was the happiest place on earth hasn't been in his pants.
At Quarterback: Does he have a shovel in his back pocket cause I'm digging that ass.
At Running Back: Call me an archaeologist. Because he's got a large bone I want to examine.
At Running Back: If he was a fart I would hold him in so I wouldn't have to let him go.
At Running Back: Is his face on the McDonalds menu? Cause I'm lovin it.
At Tight End: I think he's suffering from a lack of vitamin me.
At Wide Receiver: Damn boy are you a pirate, cause I wanna make a rated ARRR movie with you.
At Wide Receiver: Is his name Google, cause he's got everything I'm searching for.
Baby, I always go to extra time. 
Can I get your jersey? (What?) You know your name and number.
Consider this your two-minute warning... before I kiss you.
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me? You know, speaking of smiles, they say Chris Johnson has the best one in the NFL!
Do you have a map? I seem to have gotten lost in your eyes. You know, the kind of look Eli Manning has on the field after an interception?
Do you have a quarter? My mom told me to call her when I found the woman of my dreams. Think about the incredible conversations we could have about whether or not Peyton Manning is the greatest quarterback of all time!
Do you have any raisins? If not, how about a date? We could enjoy a great Monday Night Football game together if you'd like.
Do you know what the 49ers and I have in common? Good D
Do you play football? Because you've got a tight end.
Do you prefer two hand touch or full contact?
Do you want to experience the Hand of God? 
Don't worry, handballs are allowed on my pitch. 
Ever wanted to see Metropolis from the air? I could show you since you know, Cam Newton isn't the only Superman in town!
Excuse me, I am a little short on cash, would you mind if we shared a cab home together? I wanted to talk about your favorite stadium, mine being Lambeau Field.
Hey, do you have an iPhone? My friends told me to FaceTime them if I ever saw an angel. Are you sure your aren't a cheerleader either?
How about we kick off a new relationship tonight?
I hear your thirsty? Well I've got a six pack right here!
I like your Patriots jersey, but I bet it'd look even better on my bedroom floor.
I specialize in scoring screamers.
I think you're a keeper. 
I want to ride you until your legs give out.
I wish you were on the football team because I'd love to see your backfield in motion.
I'd like to get inside your penalty box.
I'd love to touchdown in your end zone.
I'm doing a survey. What's your name, your number, and are you free this Sunday? I was hoping we could see yet another Tom Brady game-winning drive!
I'm going to go for two after I score.
I'm sending you off for improper conduct. 
I'm the best at sex with girls in the whole NFL.
I'm the biggest lady-killer in Buffalo since O.J. Simpson.
I've never made an incomplete pass, and I hope you won't be my first.
I've proven to a lot of people that size doesn't matter. Tonight it's your turn.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together since we'd make quite the dynamic duo. I envision we'd be great together, just like Joe Montana and Jerry Rice!
If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have nothing but five whole cents. Don't you think Adrian Peterson is the best running back playing today?
If I had a star for every time you made me smile, I'd have a whole galaxy in the palm of my hand. It's like locking Ray Lewis in a room with every quarterback of the NFL after having missed lunch due to practice.
If you were a pair of Nike sneakers id be in and outta you all day.
Instead of zone defense, can we try some man-to-woman coverage tonight?
Know what's on the menu? Me-n-u. I just wanted to know if you enjoy playing Madden NFL 25 on PlayStation 4 because if so, we could be teammates.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil, pointless. Just like every single time the Cincinnati Bengals are in the NFL Playoffs with Andy Dalton under center.
Not red, not yellow, you're my wild card.
Okay, you can stand next to me, as long as you don't talk about it. Kind of like the reaction to a Tony Romo interception to end any and all playoff hopes for the Cowboys.
Something is wrong with my cell phone because you're not in it. If I can get your number, we could talk about how many touchdown passes you think Drew Brees will throw for this upcoming season.
Starting Defense: Beww BEWWW Beww. That's the sound of the ambulance coming to pick me up because when I saw them my heart stopped.
They call me the World Playa' of the Year.
Wanna be my receiver tonight?
Want to warm my bench? 
You must be tired, because you've been running through my mind all night. It's like I'm watching Emmitt Smith all over again!
You should be wearing a jersey so i dont have to ask for your name or number
You'll be the quickest hat-trick I've scored. 
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life. Just like the entire city of Cleveland felt after the Browns drafted Johnny Manziel.
You're likely to go to prison for being such a good thief, because you stole my heart from across the room! You're just like Richard Sherman and his ability to steal footballs in the air and run them back for touchdowns.
You're so hot, I'd let you penetrate my defense.
You've got a great end zone.
You've intercepted my heart.
I See You Heart Is Going Back to Pass...Interception!
I Want to Put a Ring Bigger Than One of Nick Saban's on Your Finger
Your Hands Are Softer Than Calvin Johnson's
I'd Love to See Your Backfield in Motion
Are you a Titans fan? Because you are the only Ten I see
I'd use a Packer's line right now, but it's just too cheesy.Si besarte fuera pecado, caminaría feliz por el infierno. (If kissing you were a sin, I’d happily walk through hell.)
Si el agua fuese belleza, tú serías el océano entero. (If water were beauty, you’d be the whole ocean.)
Si Cristóbal Colón te viera, diría: ¡Santa María, qué Pinta tiene esta Niña! (If Christopher Columbus saw you, he’d say: Saint Mary, that girl looks incredible!)
Si yo fuera azafata, te llevaría en mi avión, pero como no lo soy, te llevo en mi corazón. (If I were a flight attendant, I’d carry you in my airplane, but since I’m not, I’ll carry you in my heart.)
Si tus ojos fueran el cielo y tu boca el mar, me gustaría ser el horizonte para poderte besar. (If your eyes were the sky and your mouth were the sea, I’d like to be the horizon to be able to kiss you.)
Quisiera ser joyero para poder apreciar todos los días un diamante como tú. (I’d like to be a jeweler to be able to appreciate every day a diamond like you.)
Ojalá fueras bombero para apagar el fuego de mi deseo. (If only you were a firefighter to be able to put out the fire of my desire.)
Ojalá la mitad de las estrellas brillaran tanto como tus ojos. (If only half of the stars in the sky shined as brightly as your eyes.)
Me gustaría ser lente de contacto para que no pudieras sacarme tu mirada. (I’d like to be a contact lens so you couldn’t take your eyes off me.)
Hola, soy el Señor Correcto. Alguien dijo que me estabas buscando. (Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me.)
¿Cómo se siente al ser la más bella muchacha en esta sala? (What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?)
¿Estás perdido? Porque al cielo hay un largo camino desde aquí. (Are you lost? Because heaven's a long way from here.)
Hola, soy un ladrón, y estoy aquí para robar tu corazón. (Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.)
Hola, acabo de darme cuenta de que te pareces mucho a mi siguiente novia. (Hi, I just realized this, but you look a lot like my next girlfriend)
Si fuera Superman te llevaría volando, pero como no lo soy te acompaño caminando. (If I was superman I would take you flying, but since I’m not I’ll walk you home.)
¿Hace calor aqui, o eres tù? (Is it hot in here or is it just you?)
Si te dijera que tienes un cuerpo precioso, ¿me darías una bofetada? (If I said you had a beautiful body, would you hit me?)
Crees en amor a primera vista, o debo pasar por delante otra vez? (Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by you again?)
Si la belleza fuera delito, yo te hubiera dado cadena perpetua. (If beauty was a crime, you would deserve life in prison.)
¿Puedo comprarte una bebida? (Can I buy you a drink?)
Ésta es una canción excelente. ¿Quieres bailar conmigo? (This is a great song. Would you like to dance?)
Tienes una sonrisa muy bonita. (You have a beautiful smile.)
¿De Qué Juguetería Te Sacaron, Muñeca? (What toy store did they get you from, doll face?)
Tu Papá Debe Ser Pirata, Porque Tú Eres Un Tesoro (Your dad must be a pirate, because you're a treasure.)
¡Quién Fuera Bizco Para Verte Dos Veces! (I wish I was cross-eyed so I could see you twice!)
¡Con Esa Pierna...Para Que La Otra?! With that leg, why do you need the other?
Quo Signo Nata Est? (What's your sign?)
Apudne Te Vel Me? (Your place or mine?)
Permiso, ¿Me Puedes Decir Dónde Queda La Tierra? Es Que Desde Que Te Vi Ando En Las Nubes (Excuse me, can you tell me which way Earth is?)
Hola muñeca! A que hora sales por el pan? (Hello doll! At what time do you go out for bread?)
Quien fuera el pirata que descubrió el tesoro que tienes entre pata y pata? (Who was the pirate who discovered the treasure that you have between your legs?)
Quien pidió pollo? (Who ordered chicken?)
Tantas curvas y yo sin frenos (So many curves and my brakes aren’t working!)
Ten cuidado Si te da el sol, te derrites bombón. (Be careful, if you get any sun on you, you’ll melt sweetness)
Crees en amor a primera vista, o debo pasar otra vez? (Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk past again?)
Cuando te caiste del cielo, mi angel. (When you fell from heaven, my angel)
Eres como una joya del mar. Besame ahorita cariño mio (You are like a jewel of the sea. Kiss me now darling)
Si la belleza fuera pecado tu no tendrías perdon de Dios (If beauty was a sin, you would not have God‘s forgiveness)
Antes de tocar tus labios, quiero tocar tu corazón y antes de conquistar tu cuerpo, quiero conquistar tu amor. (Before touching your lips, I want to touch your heart, and before seducing your body, I want to capture your love.)
Todo eso es tuyo, o te lo prestaron para chicanear? (All of that is yours (while looking at their body), or did they lend it to you, to show off?)
Si estás así de verde, cómo estarás de madura? (If you are like that while green,what would you be like when you are ripe?)
Eres tan guapa que tu foto debería estar en el diccionario al lado de la palabra belleza (You are so beautiful that your photo should be in the dictionary beside the word beauty)
Mejor que me des un mapa precioso, porque con tanta curva seguro que me pierdo (It is better that you give me a beautiful map, because with so many curves , I’ll surely get lost)
Las 24 horas del día yo las divido así: 9 soñando contigo y 15 pensando en ti (The 24 hours of the day I divide this way. 9 hours dreaming about you, 15 hours thinking about you)
Eres como un sol, sólo con acercarme a ti me derrito! (You are like the sun. I only have to get closer to you and I melt)
Tanta carnita sin papita (Colombia) (So much meat without any potatoes.)
¿Dónde venden los números para ganarse este premio? (Where are they selling the tickets to win this prize?)
Aunque no te llames Alicia, vienes del País de las Maravillas (Even though your name isn’t Alice, you still come from Wonderland)
Qué hace una estrella volando tan bajito? (What is a shooting star doing flying so low?)
Si besarte fuera pecado, caminaría feliz por el infierno. (If kissing you were a sin, I’d happily walk through hell.)
Si el agua fuese belleza, tú serías el océano entero. (If water were beauty, you’d be the whole ocean.)
Si Cristóbal Colón te viera, diría: ¡Santa María, qué Pinta tiene esta Niña! (If Christopher Columbus saw you, he’d say: Saint Mary, that girl looks incredible!)
Si yo fuera azafata, te llevaría en mi avión, pero como no lo soy, te llevo en mi corazón. (If I were a flight attendant, I’d carry you in my airplane, but since I’m not, I’ll carry you in my heart.)
Si tus ojos fueran el cielo y tu boca el mar, me gustaría ser el horizonte para poderte besar. (If your eyes were the sky and your mouth were the sea, I’d like to be the horizon to be able to kiss you.)
Quisiera ser joyero para poder apreciar todos los días un diamante como tú. (I’d like to be a jeweler to be able to appreciate every day a diamond like you.)
Ojalá fueras bombero para apagar el fuego de mi deseo. (If only you were a firefighter to be able to put out the fire of my desire.)
Ojalá la mitad de las estrellas brillaran tanto como tus ojos. (If only half of the stars in the sky shined as brightly as your eyes.)
Me gustaría ser lente de contacto para que no pudieras sacarme tu mirada. (I’d like to be a contact lens so you couldn’t take your eyes off me.)
Perdí mi número. ¿Puedo tener el tuyo? (I lost my number, can I have yours?)
¿Puedo comprarte una bebida? (Can I buy you a drink?)
Tienes una sonrisa muy bonita. (You have a beautiful smile)
Si la belleza fuera delito, yo te hubiera dado cadena perpetua. (If beauty was a crime, you would deserve life in prison.)
Crees en amor a primera vista, o debo pasarte otra vez? (Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by you again?)
¿Estás perdido? Porque el cielo es un largo camino desde aquí. (Are you lost? Because heaven’s a long way from here.)
¿Cómo se siente al ser la más bella muchacha en esta sala? (What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?)
Hola, soy un ladrón, y estoy aquí para robar tu corazón. (Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.)
Hola, acabo de darme cuenta de que te pareces mucho a mi siguiente novia. (Hi, I just realized this, but you look a lot like my next girlfriend)
Eres tan guapa que tu foto debería estar en el diccionario al lado de la palabra belleza. (You are so beautiful that your photo should be in the dictionary beside the word beauty)
Qué hace una estrella volando tan bajito? (What is a shooting star doing flying so low?)
Hola, soy el hombre de sus sueños. Alguien ha dicho que estaba buscando para mí. (Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me.)
Estás como Santa Bárbara, Santa por adelante y Bárbara por detrás (You are like Saint Barbara)
¿Te has perdido?. Porque el cielo está bien lejos de aquí. (Are you lost, because heaven is a long way from here)
Tienes unos ojos tan bellos, que podrías curar hasta a un ciego (You have such beautiful eyes, that you could even cure a blind man)
Si la belleza fuese delito, yo te hubiera sentenciado a cadena perpetua (If beauty was a crime, I’d sentence you to life without parole)
Mami, te ronca el mango, tú con tanta carne mientras yo paso hambre. (Honey, you with so much meat, while I am starving)
Mami, si tú eres el pecado, ¡estoy dispuesto a cumplir mi penitencia! (Honey, if you are the sin, I’m willing to serve my penance!)
Muñeca, ¿de qué juguetería te escapaste? (Doll, what toy store did you escape from?)
Señora que Dios la cuide a usted que yo cuido a su hija  (Ma’am, God take care of you, I will take care of your daughter)
Dios debe de estar distraído porque están cayendo ángeles del Cielo (God must be distracted, for Angels are falling from Heaven)
Disculpe, creo que me debe un trago. (Excuse me, I think you owe me a drink)
porque se me cayó el mío mirándole/mirandola a usted (because I dropped mine staring at you)
Sus labios se ven solitos, ¿querrían conocerse con los míos? (Your lips look lonely, would they like to meet mine?)
¿Vienes aquí a menudo? (Do you come here often?)
¿Me puedes decir tu nombre? (Can you tell me your name?)
¿Te puedo invitar a un trago? (Can I buy you a drink?)
Se están cayendo los angeles del cielo (Angels are falling from the sky)
Mami, cuando te hicieron se rompió el molde (Honey, they broke the mold when they created you)
Que sonrisa tan linda tienes (What a beautiful smile you have)
¿Tienes un mapa?. Me he perdido en tus ojos. (Do you have a map? I seem to have lost myself in your eyes)
Camina por la sombra, que por el Sol los bombones se derriten. (Walk in the shade, because sweet candy like you will melt in the sun.)
¿Hablamos o seguimos jugando a mirarnos? (Do we talk, or keep playing around looking at each other?)
Eres tan dulce que, con sólo mirarte, me vuelvo diabético (You are so sweet, just looking at you I become Diabetic)
¡Oye flaca, tírame un hueso! (Hey slim girl, throw me a bone!)
¿Eres casada? Porque no soy celoso (Are you married? Because I am not the jealous type)
¿Estas cansada/cansado? Porque has pasado por mi mente todo el día (Are you tired? because you have been running through my mind all day)
Soy nuevo/nueva en el área, me dices como llegar a tu Corazón (I am new around here, can you tell me which way to your heart)
Bonitas piernas, ¿A qué hora abren? (Nice legs, what time do they open?)
Perdí mi número de teléfono, ¿me das el tuyo? (I lost my phone number, can I have yours?)
¿Me dejas tomarte una foto?. Quiero enseñarle a Papá Noel lo que quiero para Navidad (Can I take your picture, I want to show Santa what I want for Christmas)
¿Tienes frio? Me puedes usar como cobija (Are you cold? You can use me as a blanket)
Hasta el sol siente celos de la forma en que brillas (Even the sun is jealous of the way you shine)
Aparte de ser tan sexy, ¿qué haces para ganarte la vida? (Aside from being so sexy, what do you do for a living?)
¿Acabas de salir del horno? Porque estas caliente (Did you just come out of the oven? Because you are hot)
Eres tan bonita que tu cumpleaños debería ser un día feriado (You are so pretty your birthday should be a national holiday)
¡Eres tan linda que se me olvidó el piropo que te iba a decir! (You are so pretty I forgot the pick-up line I was gonna tell you!)
…you look exactly like Kelly Hu.
…you look exactly like Lucy Liu.
Are you a celebrity? Can I get an autograph?
Are you a model? Because you really look like one.
Are you Chinese? Because you just stole my heart.
Are you from China? (Why?) Because I'm China get on you
Are you half? Half-sexy, half fine.
But where are you really from?
Chinese's ride for free.
Do I cook? Well, not really but I can whip up a pretty mean fried rice!
Do you know why I like Chinese girls? Because they're tighter
For an Chinese girl, you sure are cool.
Has anyone ever told you, you look like Chun Li? You know, that chic from Street Fighter 2.
Have you ever tasted dog meat?
Haven't I seen you before? Maybe in my dreams?
Hello. What's your name? Do you come here often?
Hey, I would like to introduce my Crouching Tiger to your Hidden Dragon
Hey, malaria kills, get under my mosquito net tonight?
I bet you give really good massages.
I carry my cell phone not to feel important but so my mom knows where I am.
I have yellow fever and you're my cure.
I heard Chinese girls are great in bed.
I heard you are good at math, so what's the sum of U+Me
I know kung fu.
I like your look. A lot of girls have beauty, but you seem like you have character.
I love Bruce Lee movies. Come over I can show you some moves.
I love Chinese take outs.
I love fried rice. Can you make some for me?
I love your almond-shaped eyes.
I may look like a nerd but it's only a disguise.
I never did this before, but you are so amazing, I had to talk to you.
I really like your smile. You are cute.
I think you have the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen.
I'm Chinese. Do you have any Chinese in you? Want some?
I'm new in town and looking to meet some new people.
I'm studying Chinese and I need to practice. How do you like it?
I've always wanted to date a Chinese girl.
I've noticed you were looking at me. Can I buy you a drink?
If you will be my Yin, can I be your Yang?
My eyes may seem small but I've got a HUGE personality
Say it in Chinese.
Seeing you makes my face turn red with passion. No, I haven't been drinking!
So is it true? Is your pussy slanted?
What do I do? Gee, I thought you would never ask. Y'see, I'm finishing my first year of residency in internal medicine.
What do you think about Western guys speaking Chinese?
Why don't we dim sum lights?
Will you walk on my back?
Wing Wing Wing Herro?
Wow. I've never seen a girl as beautiful as you.
Yeah, (sniff) I cried during 'Joy Luck Club.'
You don't have an accent.
You know what? It's strange, but I get mistaken for a white guy all the time!
You like the white boys, don't you?
You look familiar. Have we met before?
You look like a gal I had during the war.
You look like an angel. Welcome to Earth.
You remind me of my fourth wife.
You talk like a white girl.
You're a very pretty Chinese girl. Have you ever made out with a white guy before?…Would you like to?
Are you a nightmare? Because I got my dream catcher ready for you.
Are you Pocahontas? Because I want to poke-your-hot-ass.
Aren't you that one guy that was in 'Dances With Wolves?'
Aye Cheyanne girl, you are as sweet as that grae soda.
Call me when you get back from hunting and I'll dry your deer meat for you!
Can I tan your hide?
Come over tonight. My old man is sitting out 90 days in the Tribal jail.
Damn baby you are so hot my tipi is growing a second story
Damn baby, when you were jingle dancing out there, I had to grab my mother's shawl and put it on my lap
Damn baby, you're so soft down there, feels like rabbit skin
Damn baby, your body is so hot, I wanna pour powdered milk all over and lick it off
Damn girl you're so hot, you're making me speak my native tongue
Damn girl, you chickasaw? Because you are the only chick I saw.
Damn girl, you got legs like a mustang
Damn you are sexy when you smell like frybread and lard.
Do you like homemade bannock?
Don't worry, nobody's here, they're all out playing bingo right now
Don't you ride bulls with my cousin?
Girl, you must be Cherokee. Because every time I look at you, you just be starring at me.
Hey fry bread girl! You got a major commodity body! I would love to snag you for the 49!
Hey girl, do you wanna go to the n8v display at the museum today?
Hey girl, I ain't no 2 minutes, I go by Indian time
Hey girl, I love you just the way you are. No need to turn your commod bod into any bod.
Hey girl, is that thong that you are wearing? Is that elk or buckskin?
Hey girl, you had me at the 49 party
Hey girl, you're a pretty good jingle dancer. How about you come back to my place and I'll show you what the fancy dance is all about
Hey no worries, we're second cousins you know
Hey, it took me 2 months of percap checks to go on this date with you
I can do more than just point with these lips.
I can see your soul through your beautiful choke cherry eyes.
I don't care if you lost your first two games, you're my tourney MVP!
I had to gather all these beer cans to go on this date with you
I love you like a fat kid loves Indian tacos.
I make awesome frybread
I saved these elk teeth for you.
I see you're pretty decolonized, I'm pretty decolonized myself.
I won't steal your land, but I will steal your heart!
I'd braid it.
I'd cross every rez, even trade my best horse and fight all your brothers and cousins just to take you out on a date!
I'll take you to watch Shoni.
I've been on many hunting trips you know, and by far you're the best catch
If I were a chief, you would be my personal assistant
Is that a Ball-headed War Club under your poncho or are you happy to see me?
Is your daddy a baker? Because you are a hot frybread.
Join me at the round dance
Let's snag
My Indian name is Throws It Down.
My uncle is the Chairman.
N8v pride!!
Saw you sleeping on the ground like Pocahontas.
Tan my hide
The first time I saw you was like first time winning the jackpot at bingo: unforgettable
Wanna see all the belt buckles I won at INFR?
What's your sign?
What's your spirit animal?
When I first saw you I thought you were Cheyenne, because i've been told they're the most beautiful natives, but I was wrong
When I first saw you, my heart was beating like a fancy dance song
When I found this eagle feather, I gave it to you. When I saw these wildflowers, I picked them for you. When I caught this salmon, we ate it together. And when I found this condom, I knew we were going to have sex tonight.
When my grandfather saw you, he said heya heya hot stuff, I knew I had to snag you right there
Will you bead my moccs?
Will you come over to my teepees or do I have to scalp you?
Would you like me to braid your hair before grand entry?
Would you like to lick the fry bread grease off of my lips??
Yeah baby, why dont you come back to my place, and I'll show you what the tomahawk chuck is all about
You are just the right amount of rez for me.
You are like the perfect Indian taco: thick on the bottom and light on the top
You are rez.
You look GOOD in Wranglers!
You put the 'wow' in pow wow.
You were the only one I heard hit that high note at the '49!
Are you Dr. Martin Luther King Jr? Because I have a dream that you will be go home with me tonight.
Are you from Africa? (Why?) Because African (I fricken) love you!
Are you from Africa? Because I wanna know Kenya suck this dick.
Are you Halle Berry? (girl: no!) Well then you have to be some kinda of movie star!
Are you Kool Aid. Because I just want to drink you all up.
BOOM BOOM BOOM Hot shit!
Can you put some hot sauce on my chicken? I need some spice in my life.
Damn you got a big A S S !!
Did you just step out of Jet magazine? Because your the beauty of the week.
Do you like Pizza? because I want a pizza dat ass
Do you need help with your African studies cause we can go to your house and make freedom ring.
Do you sing in the gospel choir? Because you have voice of an angel.
Girl you are like soul food. Because you make me all warm and fuzzy inside.
Girl you are the cream, I am the chocolate let's make a sundae.
Girl you're sweet as candy, can I taste you 'Now And Later'?
Girl, yuh look like a bottle a maple syrup....THICK.
Hey baby, I'd love to f**k the shit out of your fake weave
Hey girl you lookin like a tall glass of water and I'm tellin ya I'm thirsty
Hey girl. Wanna dance? I promise to leave room for the holy spirit.
Hey Shawty, do I stand a chance with you or shall I just move on to your fat friend?
Hey, are your parents beavers, because DAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.
Honey just by seeing you from behind I know you're a well-rounded person
I actually prefer that life give me lemons so that I can make a pretty lady like you some strawberry lemonade on a hot Summer's day.
I can do you before one can finish a Malt Liquor.
I claim you in the name of JESUS!
I dont care that you yoused to be fat, just come here and let me eat that cat!
I got some suga for ya
I like big butts and I can not lie.
I like my woman like how I like my watermelon – sweet and juicy.
I love your tight braids that is just right.
I want to crack you open like that watermelon.
I wish I was 50 cent so I could take you to the candy shop!
I'm digging you like a shovel ma!
I'm like chocolate pudding, I may not look that good but I taste great
I'm Lil Wayne bitch
I'm lookin' for a girl like my mother. She knew her place. But in a good way.
I'm not Charmin, but I'd be all youp in that booty....
If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?
Is this your real hair? Because I saw it on a mannequin in the hair store but it was real expensive!!!...so can I have your number?
Is your name Maya? Because I'd like to sacrifice you to the gods.
Lemme borrow that number girl
Shake that booty!
So, what's your favorite thing about black cock?
That ass so fat, you could pull a brothas eyes out with the gravity?
That weave is out of this world.
The only nigguh flya than you .. is yo reflection
Want to come over for some Malt Liquor and Kool-Aid?
What is your favorite comedy? Oh mine is Roots.
Who yo hair dresser? Tell her I apologize for messing up her work
Why pay $5 when you can't get this footling for free
Would you be my sweet tea?
Would you like to taste my chocolate cake?
You a good girl, you jus need a thug in ya life to treat you rite!
You are kicking like that crab legs.
You are so hot, you put shame to Louisiana Hot Sauce.
You are the waffles to my fried chickens.
You have the child-birthing hips that I have been looking for.
You hungry? Ha I am..bust that p*ssy open for me
You must be hot-sauce, because you are just burning me up.
You shouldn't drink that sweet tea, you are sweet enough already.
You smell so good like a freshed powdered baby.
Your hair is flawless.
Are you as good as your sister?
Are your parents retarded? Because you sure are special.
Baby you are finer than a new set of truck tires.
Baby, you are prettier than a beer truck pulling into my driveway.
Can I borrow your t-shirt? I gotta go wipe the oil off my dip stick.
Can I bum a chew?
Can I make you a drink? My still is in the back of my camper- Or as I call it- my sheep shack.
Country boys don't need pick-up lines, because they've got pick-up trucks.
Did you fart? Because you blew me away.
Get in the truck, bitch!
Girl you must be my cousin because I wanna do you.
Girl, if you were a chicken you'd be impeccable.
God wants us to be together. That is why he gave us the same parents!
Hey babe, do you know that my mouth can generate over 3000 rpm?
Hey babe, nice legs. What time do they open?
Hey baby, nice tooth.
Hey baby, wanna go back to my place? Mamma said you had to be home by 10 anyway.
Hey there, do you know I am named confederate Civil War general?
Hey you looking for a stud in your life? Because I got the STD all I need is U
Hey you remember that BBQ, when I slapped my meat on you grill.
Hi there darling. Wow, I bet you were really hot when you were about my age!
I bet your father was a good farmer, because you're one fine hoe
I can't find my puppy, can you help me find him? I think he went into this cheap motel room.
I got a six pack of beer and the new Hank Jr. CD.
I just sharted my pants. Can I get into yours?
I like my girls like my koolaid sweet and go down easy..
I may not be the best looking here, but I'm the only one talking to you.
I may not have as many teeth as Fred Flintstone, but wanna watch me make my bedrock?
I might be missing teeth, but that just leaves more room for your tongue.
I've been wanting to go out with you ever since I read that stuff on the bathroom wall.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd sure shootin' put U and me together.
If I had a garden I'd put your two lips and my two lips together.
If I were a tractor and you were a plow, I would definitely hook up with you.
If yer gonna regret this in the mornin, we kin sleep til afternoon.
If you think this buckle is big wait till you see what's behind it.
If you were a tree and I was a squirrel, I'd store my nuts in you.
Is there a mirror in yer pants? Because I can see myself in them.
Let play taxidermy, I'll mount your rack and stuff your beaver.
Let's go fishing, I'll be the rod, you be the fish and later on we'll hook up!
Like my belt buckle? (Why?) It would look better on your forehead!
My friend said you were great in bed.
My love for you is like diarrhea... I can't hold it in.
Nice tooth!
Oh, you live in the country......... I'd like to check you for ticks!
Pull my finger.
Rednecks don't need pickup lines, because they got pick up trucks
Roses are red. Spend the night with me and I'll teach you all kinds of cool scientific stuff like that!
Tell me honey ham, did it hurt when the devil spit you up and you landed here?
Wanna come over to my trailer, drink some beer and see my new velvet Elvis painting?
Well, aren't you hotter than a mama cougar in heat running from my hunting dogs in August?
Well, tie me to a pig and roll me in the mud! You are mighty purdy for a heavy girl.
You are like a large mouth bass...I don't know if I should mount you or eat you.
You are not the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away.
You are prettier than a beer truck pulling up in the driveway.
You can't handle the tooth!
You go curves like a racetrack, and tonight, I'm gonna be your Ricky Bobby.
You might not be the best lookin girl here but beauty's only a light switch away.
Your Ass Looks Nice, does it need servicing because I got a wrench and some screws just for you.
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.
Your face reminds me of a wrench, every time I think of it, my nuts tighten up.
Your hair is just about as purdy as that squirrel's I skinned this morning. And it smells just as good!
Are my undies showing? ['No.'] 'Would you like them to?'
Are you a burger because you can be the meat between my buns
Are you a candle, because I wanna blow you
Are you a dictionary? (Why?) Because you just gave me the definition of Gorgeous.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you got fine written all over you.
Are you a plumber (or name any well paid job)? Because that is a solid career choice with a decent wage and I crave stability.
Are you a rainstorm? Because I'm soaked.
Are you a smoke detector? Because you're really loud and annoying.
Are you a squirrel? Because I can see your nuts
Are you a taxidermist? OK, wanna try stuffing my pussy anyway?
Are you a trampoline because I wanna bounce on you?
Are you David Beckham? Because I'd bend for you.
Are you Richard? Because I've been looking for a Dick all day
Are you the delivery man? Because I believe you have a package for me
Aren’t you the guy who gets fan mail from Ron Jeremy?
Baby you be the tree, and I'll wrap around you like a koala bear
Boy if you were a vegetable you'd be a cutecumber
Boy is your name homework because I'm not doing you and I should be.
Boy, are you the tiger from the Frosted Flakes box? Because you’re looking 'Grrrrreat!'
Can I get you a drink?
Cougar just may be on the hunt for you.
Could you help me stick something down my throat so I can test my gag reflex
Could you please step away from the bar ? You're melting all the ice
Did you just ring my doorbell? Well, you can come inside if you want
Did you know women typically reach their sexual prime in their 30s and 40s? And you are ripened!
Didn’t you used to be known as John Holmes?
Do these feel real to you?
Do you do carpeting? Because I'm looking for a deep shag
Do you eat tacos? (yes, why?) Because my Taco Bell is open
Do you have a napkin? You're making me wet
Do you know what'd look good on you? Me.
Do you shoplift? How would you like to five finger dis-cunt?
Do you sleep on your stomach? Him: NO... You: Can I?
Do you still work or are you retired?
Don't let this get to your head, but do you want some?
Excuse me, would you be a gentleman and push in my stool?
Give me your name so I know what to scream tonight
Have you been to my yard? I make the best milkshakes
Hey boy, you better call life alert, because I've fallen for you and can't get up.
Hey boy...I can suck a golf ball thru 50 feet of garden hose?
Hey boy...I can suck the chrome off a trailer hitch?
Hey sweetheart, can I oil your piston?
Hey, give me your car keys... coz' your driving me crazy
Hey, somebody scream Mama Mia!
Hey, you look like a big strong guy. You think you could handle my pussy or is it too much for you?
Hey, you work out?
Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these girls crazy?
Hi, I have a vagina
Hi, i'm wasted but this condom in my pocket doesn't have to be.
Hi, i'm writing a phone book, can I have your number?
Hi! I'm Craven Morehead are you?
How do you like your eggs? [...] I prefer mine fertilized
How do you like your sausage in the morning... scrambled or blown?
I could hear your cock talking and it just told me to blow you.... a kiss!
I do not fancy wines, I prefer moans
I don't feel so good, I think I need a shot of penis-illin
I don't need a spoonful of sugar to swallow you
I don't need a spoonful of sugar to swallow you.
I hear you're good at algebra.....Will you replace my eX without asking Y?
I hear you've been a bad boy. Now go to MY room!
I know why they are calling it a beaver, because I am dying for some wood
I know you think im sexy, I know you think im fine, but just like all the other guys get a number and wait in line
I like my mom friends like I like my coffee: hot, bitter, and full of milk.
I lost my teddy bear. Can I sleep with you tonight?
I may not be Dairy Queen, boy, but I'll treat you right!
I suffer from amnesia. Have we had sex before? [No]. Well, why don't we?
I will be a Dixie Chick and you be my cowboy... now take me away!
I'd like to name a multiple orgasm after you.
I'd like to point out that beautiful' has U in it. But, 'quickie' has U & I together.'
I'm a feisty cougar and I am catch me a cub.
I'm a spy on a secret mission. Come in me, if you want to live
I'm French Horny for your tromboner.
I'm looking for a cougar. Can I be your cub?
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by the possibility of having an adult conversation.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you.
I'm trying to quit smoking, wanna give me a new oral fixation?
I'm wearing Revlon Colorstay Lipstick, want to help me test the claim that it won't kiss off?.
I've got the buns, do you have the hot dog?
If I could have you in bed, I wouldn't need the cover to keep warm
If I told you I work for UPS, would you let me handle your package?
Is it wet in here, or is it just my vagina?
Is my vagina crying or are you just sexy?
Is that a banana in your pants cause I'll 'ape you
Is that old or vintage?
Is your name country crock, Because you can spread me anytime.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
Is your name Lionel? Because your made my panties Messi.
Kiss me if I am wrong, but isn't your name... Richard?
look at the guy, squint your sexy eyes, sensually lick your upper lip with the tip of your tongue
Me so corny. Me love you long time
My beaver is bored and wants to play, do you have any wood for my beaver today
My body has 206 bones. Want to give me another one?
My body is a movie and your penis is the star!
My dick is like catnip, it’ll make a cougar like you go wild.
My kids call me 'mom', but you can call me for a playdate anytime.
My taco would like to meat you
Nice package let me help unwrap that!
Nice package, you need me to sign up that?
Nice package. Let me unwrap that for you
Nice shirt. Is it made of boyfriend material?
No ring? You should be someone's husband
Oh you date men 10 years younger... some cougar you are... rawr!!!
Pick up a pack of sugar that actually says, “sugar” on it and say, “You dropped your nametag!”.
Put a dollar bill on your head and when he asks what you did that for tell him its all you can eat for under a dollar
Somebody call the cops, because it is illegal for a lady to look that good after just having a boy.
That suit is very becoming on you. Then again, I would be too!
That's a nice (insert accessory she's rockin') you have, where did you get it?
That's something my mom would do.
There are no seats, can I sit on your face?
They say apples don't fall far from the tree, so that must mean your mom's hot too.
They’re called 'eyebrows' because my eyes are browsing your fine ass
Wanna go back to my place and watch porn on my flat screen mirror?
Wanna go halfsies on a baby?
Want to give me an Australian kiss. It's like French kissing but you're going down under
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
What's a nice guy like you doing with a body like that?
Whatever comes after cougar, that's what you are.
Whip it out and show me what you got, so I can save the disappointment from later.
Would you like a gin and platonic or a Scotch and sofa?
You are like candy bar; half sweet and half nuts because your kids are driving you crazy.
You are prettier than your daughter.
You are purrrfect!
You bear a striking resemblance to Liz Lemon.
You don't need car keys to drive me crazy.
You know what they say about men with big feet. Want to prove that to me?
You know what would go good on your hot dog? Mayo
You know what would make your face look better? (What?) My legs wrapped around it.
You like to eat Mexican?. Because you're heating up my taco
You look like a hard worker. I have an opening you can fill
You look so young; I'm surprised you don't have any wrinkles.
You remind me of a Twinkie. Every time I bite into you, you cream in my mouth.
You touch his shirt and ask, 'Is this cotton?' Wait for response. Then touch down in the crotch area and say, 'Oh, this must be felt.'
You want to melt in my mouth or in my hand?
You'll do!
You're beautiful and has U in it, but 'quickie' has U and I together
You're so hot ; a firefighter couldn't put you out .
Your body is a wonderland and I want to be Alice.
Your boner is giving my nipples an erection
Your pick-up lines are almost as old as you are.
Animals! Everyone loves animals right?
Are you a beaver? Because I like your tail.
Are you a beaver? I know where some wood is.
Are you a maple tree? Because I'd tap you!
Are you from Canada? Because if you're wondering if you can go out on a date with me, well, you CAN–UH-DUH!
Are you into hockey? That's great because I'd like to score.
Canada is the second largest country in the world. What can I say? Canada has a lot of large things.
CANADIAN GOAL....wanna fuck to celebrate?
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Also Did you utilize Canada's public healthcare system to help ease that pain?
Did you know I'm a goalie? Yeah, I always wear protection.
Do you like my cologne? It’s derived from the musk gland of the industrious beaver.
Fall hardly happens here, but You'll be falling into my bed.
Forget whipped cream. Try a taste of what I picked up at the Elmvale Maple Syrup Festival.
Get that red light ready, because you and I are about to score.
Help me score one more time for team Canada?
How about we play a fun game called Haida totem pole?
I saw you and I pictured us as swans, we could mate for life.
I wish I was Tim Horton's coffee…So I could get close to your lips
I'll make you see the northern lights!
I'm a man who drinks beer from an Awesome Land. Need I say more?
I'm cold just thinking about Canada. Let's Cuddle
I'm really big into architecture; want to see my CN tower?
I'm waking up at 5am for hockey. But I would stay up all night for you.
I've seen a lot of Canada, but you could take me to the top of the world.
If you are in a hurry I'm good at the give and go.
Is your friend part maple tree? Because I'd like to tap that.
Is your spirit animal the beaver? Because I know where you can get some wood.
Let’s go to my place. I’d like to show you my puck collection.
My friends have been calling me a loon, because I'm crazy about you.
That’s not a gun in my pocket. That’s my own personal I.E.D.
The way I imagine it, Huron top.
Until I saw you, I didn't believe I'd ever see an arctic fox
Want to help raise my totem pole?
Want to see my lumber, Jack?
We can do coffee or have sex twice, either way I'll get you a double double.
Were you born on the Bluenose? Because baby, you're a dime.
What can I say I'm good with my stick!
What’s your star sign? No, wait, I already know the answer. You are a shooting star sent down from heaven. Your beauty warms and lights up these frozen surroundings. You have become one with the land. Won’t you please open your Northwest Passage and let me hike your tundra?
Would you help an endangered species? Because my woodcock needs help.
Ya gotta check it out. My water bed is full of beer.
You remind me of a ski hill, because now I really want to hit those slopes
All I want in life is a man with clean underwear and a dirty mind.
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Care for some afternoon delight?
Did I tell you I'm filthy rich and my mother's dead?
Do you still work or are you retired?
Happy Father's Day from someone who wants to have your babies.
Happy Father's Day to a genuine mother fucker.
Happy Father's Day to a wonderful husband who no matter what having kids has done to my body still seems to nail me.
Happy Father's Day. Can I call you 'Daddy'?
Happy You-Knocked-Up-Mom Day
Hey baby, you better call life alert, because I've fallen for you and can't get up.
Hi, do you want to have my children? [No] OK, can we just practice then?
Hope your Father’s Day is about you. I’ll keep the kids away to make sure that happens!
I have a small penis, but a big bank account.
I hope I haven't given you the wrong impression. I'm actually taller and richer than I look.
I want to bear all your children.
I want to spend the rest of your money with you.
I won't preach to ya, but I will be your daddy.
I would like to pay with cash upfront and take our relationship further and faster.
I'm looking for Mrs. Right.
If you see a woman walking up the road with a child or a baby stroller tell her you’ll go halves on another one.
It’s been wonderful making children with you. I wanted to be sure to let you know how much I appreciate the making part and the fact that we will enjoy it even more without worrying about more kids…THANKS!! Happy Father’s Day!
Mommy, why does Daddy want a time machine and a condom for Father's Day?
My heart still skips a beat when I see you, hear you, or even think about you. I can barely focus on the message that’s supposed to be in this card… By the way…Happy Father’s Day! That was it!!
Should I tell my babysitter I'm going to be home late?
Want to win my heart? Talk YARN to me big daddy...
When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
Who's your daddy?
Would you rather have 'As good as it gets!' for a few more years or 'Is that all there is?' for the rest of your life?
You always say that there’s a tool for everything. You’re right. The stud-finder worked miracles when it came to getting the perfect hubby! Happy Father’s Day!
You are my daddy.
Your kid is beautiful. I see he/she takes after his/her dad.
Your pick-up lines are almost as old as you are.
…you look exactly like Kelly Hu.
…you look exactly like Lucy Liu.
…you look exactly like Margaret Cho.
Are you Asian? Because you just stole my heart.
Are you from China? (Why?) Because I'm China get on you
Are you from the Philippines? Because I wanna Phil you with my penis.
Are you from the Thailand, cause tonight your going to BangKok
Are you from Tokyo? (Yeah Why?) Because I want to get in Japanies (your panties)
Are you half? Half-sexy, half fine.
Asians ride for free.
But where are you really from?
Do I cook? Well, not really but I can whip up a pretty mean fried rice!
Do you know why I like Asian girls? Because they’re tighter
Do you really eat dogs?
For an Asian girl, you sure are cool.
Go out with me and you won’t be sari.
Has anyone ever told you you look like Chun Li? You know, that chic from Street Fighter 2.
Hey baby, wanna ride in my 16-valve, twin-cam lowered Acura Integra with BBS gold-spiked rims and a subwoofered stereo that'll leave you breathless?
Hey, I would like to introduce my Crouching Tiger to your Hidden Dragon
Hey, malaria kills, get under my mosquito net?
I bet you give really good massages.
I carry this beeper not to feel important but so my mom knows where I am. I carry this phone to call her back.
I have naan stop thinking about you.
I have yellow fever and you’re the cure.
I heard Asian girls love to fuck.
I know all about the 38th parallel.
I know karate.
I know tae kwon do.
I love Korean BBQ.
I love sushi. Can you make some for me?
I love Thai food.
I love your almond-shaped eyes.
I may look like a nerd but it's only a disguise.
I'm Asian. Do you have any Asian in you? Want some?
I’m done with black girls. They are too much drama.
I’m done with white girls. They are too much drama.
I’ve always wanted to date an Asian girl.
If you will be my Yin, can I be your yang?
My eyes may seem small but I've got a HUGE personality
No, really, what’s your nationality?
Say it in Chinese.
Seeing you makes my face turn red with passion. No, I haven’t been drinking!
So is it true? Is your pussy slanted?
Uhhhh, no, I didn't play football in high school but I did letter in varsity volleyball and tennis.
What are you?
What do I do? Gee, I thought you would never ask. Y'see, I'm finishing my first year of residency in internal medicine.
Where are you from?
Why don't we dim sum lights?
Will you walk on my back?
Wing Wing Wing Herro?
Yeah, (sniff) I cried during 'Joy Luck Club.'
You don’t have an accent.
You know what? It's strange, but I get mistaken for a white guy all the time!
You like the white boys, don’t you?
You look like a gal I had during the war.
You remind me of my fourth wife.
You talk like a white girl.
You’re a very pretty Asian girl. Have you ever made out with a white guy before?…Would you like to?
Aaaaayo girl are you from 1A1? Cause you are the 1 who is A1.
Are you a dhol? Cause I wanna tap that ass.
Are you a jalebi? Because there's nothing sweeter than you!
Are you from India? Cause I'm trying to get In-di-a pants.
Are you heading to India? 'Cause I'd Goa anywhere with you!
Are you smog? Because you take my breath away.
Are you wearing a sari? Well, you won't be sari if you go out with me.
Baby, I'd love to squeeze your gulab jamuns.
Baby, we go together like daal and bhaat.
Baby, you are spicier than this chicken curry.
Baby, you're hotter then garaam garaam chai.
Babygurl are you from Pakistan? cause there's a ban on my thinking capacity every time you are around.
Babygurl you are elfy to my shoes, betnovate to my bruise and Allubukharay ki chatni to my barbecues
Babygurlll are you from Turkey? cause whenever I see you I become a Tharkee.
Can I borrow a rupee? I promised my amma I'd call her when I found the woman am goning to marry.
Dating me is like being in a rickshaw on a potholed road - one helluva ride!
Do you believe in love at first sight, Or should I wear my PTI shirt and walk by again
Do you eat a lot of pizza because tu cheese badi hai mast mast.
Do you like raita? Cause I'd like to get raita up on you.
Girl, were you born on Diwali? Because you are a Pataka.
Go out with me and you won't be sari.
Hey bby wanna do some mauja hi mauja, please be my zauja
Hey do you eat a lot of eggplant cause that body is bengan!
Hey girl, you wanna strum my sitar?
Hey I don't like to brag but I have a 10 year U.S. visa.
How about we get together and I mix my pani with your puri.
I don't want jalebis or gulab jamans… neither of them are as sweet as you!
I know you must be a Goddess, because I can swear you've been living in my heart.
I need to break my fast, Can I have a date
I wanna be the sambal to your dosa.
I wanna do things to you that are dirtier than all of India's water bodies combined.
I'll delete my shaadi.com profile for you.
I'll have my mum send a rishta to yours.
I'm addicted to you like an aunty to chai.
I'm like dal, hot, spicy and I'll fill you up.
I'm tired of doing Ikathar Bahattar Ikathar Bahattar, Can we please try Unatthar (69) ?
I've never had to Ask The Sexpert
If I were a tabla, I'd let you bang me all night long.
If you and I were a garden, I'd put my tuLIPS and your tuLIPS together.
If you like bananas come with me cause I'm akela.
Is your dad a mistri? Cause you are such a mystery!
Is your dad CJP? cause there's a suo-moto in my pants every time you're around
My life without you is like bhel without chutney.
One date and I'll swachh you off your feet.
One night with me and you'll feel like the Ganges.. Wet, dirty, and constantly moving.
Our kundalis are a perfect match!
Our relationship is so strong, it would survive a season of Bigg Boss.
Sister do you want a date? I bought a full packet when I went to Saudia.
That sari looks very nice on you, but it would look even better on my bedroom floor.
That's a nice sari. Can I talk you out of it?
The day I saw you, I cancelled my shaadi.com account
Tu jaanti nahin mera baap kaun hai.
Twinkle twinkle little star, will you be my pehla pyaar? Up above the world so high, I'm not even scared of your bada bhai.
We are the reincarnated souls of two past lovers. It's our destiny to be together, you just don't remember our past life together.
When I look at you... kuch kuch hotha hai
Will you be my Jawnees? Cause I drop my Jaw and bend on my knees every time I see you
Would you like to be the Radha to my Krishna?
You are like rice and curry... I could eat you all day.
You are the chutney to my samosa.
You complete me like naraa completes shalwar.
You know, our parents engaged us when we were little... I guess they forgot to tell you.
You look like you could use some hot chocolate.
You put the desi in desirable.
You wanna taste my kulfi?
You're a Salman fan? I love SRK! I've always wanted to have mixed race babies.
You're like chutney... you spice up my life!
You're so fine, I bet YOU reject rickshaw-wallahs.
You're so hot, you put the desi in desirable
Your ammi must have eaten a lot of curry while she was pregnant with you, because you're sizzling hot!
Your butt is rounder than my idlis.
Are you a bottle of tabasco sauce? Because i'd like to lose your top.
Are you a bud light lime? Because you look like a guilty pleasure.
Ay caramba! You're hotter than a jalapeño. I better wear a glove when I handle you!
Ay dios mio! Jorge jr. Just got muy gordito.
Can you put some hot sauce on my enchilada, I need some spice in my life.
Chica, you're like a piñata, because i'd definitely hit that!
Dammmnnnnn boy, you can stick your taquito in my guacamole anytime you want!
Dayum...One Look at you, chica, and my soft-shell taco got deep fried.
Do you like Mexican food? Because I will wrap you in my arms and make you my baerito.
Hablas Espanol? No matter — my love needs no translation.
Hey chica! There's like, a fiesta in my pantalones and you and your amigas are invited.
I may not be your cup of tea, but I'm a great shot of tequila.
I see you've got some tequila there, does that mean you're willing to give me a shot?
I won't blame the tequila if I get with you!
I would love to stuff your piñata.
I'd cross borders for you.
I'll even throw in my secret sauce free of charge.
I'm the Juan for you.
If you're as intelligent as you are beautiful, then you'd know that today is not the anniversary of the Mexican revolution, but rather the Mexican army's unlikely victory over French forces at the battle of puebla. Now lose the pants.
Is your name 'Sabado'? Because that ass is gigante.
Mexicans don't kiss. Make Out.
There’s a fiesta in my gauchos and you and your maracas are definitely invited!
We can blame it on fajita the moment.
You and tequila make me crazy.
You are sexy. You are Mexican. You are a Sexican.
You had me at taco.
You look even better than eating dulce de leche with your finger!
You're rice and I am the beans. Together, we are a combo plate of bueno
You're the kind of girl I could mariachi…
A woman like you makes me wish our mechitza were see-through.
After getting lost for 40 years I've think I've finally found what I was looking for
All I want for Chanukah is you.
Are those matza balls in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Are you a torah? 'Cause I wanna dance with you all night.
Are you bar mitzvah, cuz I need a woman?
Are you Jewish? Cause the way you're looking at me, I'm beginning to think Jewish I would kiss you.
Are you Jewish? Cause you Israeli hot!
Are you the messiah, because I've been waiting for you.
Are you the milk or the honey I was promised?
Baby I'd nail you harder then we nailed Jesus to that cross.
Baby lets run away together, just Jew and Me.
Can I come into your massada?
Can I dip my maror in your charoset.
Can I go into you garden of Eden?
Can I light your manorah?
Can I put my knife between your lechem mishneh?
Can I put out your burning bush?
Can this maccabee fit inside your canon?
Come shake your tush at tonight's shabbos tish.
Dang girl, I'd like to bake my rugelach in your oven.
Did it hurt when you wrestled with Jacob (because you're an angel)!
Do you wanna spin my dreidel?
Do you want something to atone for on yom kippur?
Do you want to make tonight different from all other nights?
Do you want to shake my luluv?
Do you want to spin my dreidel?
Do you want to try for 9 crazy nights?
Do you want to try my Hebrew national hotdog?
Don't worry I won't Passover you.
Even though it's breaking a commandment, I'm worshipping you right now.
Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, heart for heart. You stole my heart, you owe me yours.
Funny, I don't remember climbing Jacob's ladder, so how did I end up in heaven?
Girl, I wish you were a torah, so I could undress you and run my yad all up and down your columns...
God just told me there was going to be a flood and I've decided to save you.
God told us to go forth and multiply and I feel something going forth and multiplying as we speak.
Got any Jewish in you? Want some?
Have I seen you on j-date?
How about you and I make the dead sea come alive.
How bout I play Moses and u play with my staff
How bout I play Moses and u play with my staff.
I don't care what the Torah says, I'm not leaving any of your four corners unplowed.
I finally understand the true meaning of the Sabbath. It's to give a girl like you a rest from running through my mind the rest of the week.
I hope you're not married, because I'd hate to be breaking the Tenth Commandment right here in shul.
I know I'm one of the chosen people but I just want to be chosen by you, baby
I like my women like I like my dreidels.....bottom heavy
I may not be Elisha but will you open the door anyway.
I only drink cholov Yisroel, but I still ou d.
I think I just broke the omer. Because when I saw you my heart sang.
I wanna go bilam on you and hit that ass as hard as I can.
I wanna light your menorah.
I will undress you faster than the torah, so I can run my yad up and down your columns.
I would love to wonder in your wilderness for 40 years.
I'd make you an aguna, but if you want I can still tie you down.
I'll be Moses, you can play with my staff, and I'll scream 'Let my people go!'
I'll take you to the promised land.
I'm a chacham in yeshiva, but a rasha in bed.
If I raise my staff will it only part the sea?
If your left leg is Rosh Hashanah and your right leg is Yom Kippur, can I visit you during the days of Awe?
If your legs are chag, can I visit you on hol ha-moed?
In this shul, women are not called up to the torah. May I call you up at home?
Instead of the torah, can I study your body 3 times a day?
Is your name nadav or avihu? 'Cause you are smoking hot.
Is your Succah kosher? Cause the only stars I can see are in your eyes.
Israel's south may be a desert, but my negec is overflowing.
It's shavuos so we better go all night.
Just like the Ner Tamid, my love for you burns eternal.
Let me see your shirt tag, that's right, made in Eden.
Lets do it Adam and eve style, behind some bushes.
Like ma'oz tzur, I'm longer than you think.
My apples are just dying for your honey!
My name is Dovid. But they call me Goliath. Wanna find out why?
My nose isn't the only thing that's big.....
My people invented circumcision....Your Welcome
Once you go Jew, no Christian will do.
Once you go Jew, nothing else will do.
Studying nezikin is fun, but I now what you really wanna study is my zraim.
That yarmulke would look great on my bedroom floor!
That's a nice-looking yarmulke you're wearing, but it would look even better lying next to my bed tomorrow morning.
The first line of the Shma commands us to 'Love the Lord with all your heart.' After meeting you, I don't think I can keep that mitzvah.
The gates of repentance are always open...just like my heart for you.
The safe word is shibolet.
This saltwater reminds me of the tears that came to my eyes when I first saw you
Unlike the torah, I'm gonna put my hands all over you.
Want to go fiddle on a roof?
Want to party in my sukkah?
We could use that oil to light the menoah, but I've got a better idea...
We lost gaza. No need to lose the strip.
We won't violate ba'al taschit if you swallow.
Whatever we do during the rabbi's speech will be forgiven by neilah.
When is kippur? 'Cause I want you on your knees.
When Korach sinned, the earth swallowed him up. When you're naughty, I'll swallow you up.
When you come to my house, the Mezuzah isn't the only thing you will be touching!
Whether I use my mouth or my staff, I can make water flow from your rock.
Which commandment do you want to break?
Why is this night different than all other nights? I'll show you why...
Will you let me put my candle near your labia menorah?
Will you let me shake your lulav?
Yo gurl don't Jewish that you were mine
You better put that matzah away, because I'm going to make you wet.
You bring the apples i’ll bring the honey
You give me a lag b'oner.
You had me at Shalom.
You know how it is with Jewish culture, everything begins at sundown!
You look familiar. Did I read about you in shir hashirim?
You may not be a Moshe, but when you touch my snake it'll turn right into a staff.
You might not make a minyan, but you are still a ten in my book.
You must be Egyptian because I’m a slave for you.
You must be Eve, because I want you to touch my nachash arum.
You must not be kosher for passover because you're making my matza rise.
A gator ate my feelings. (Florida)
Are you 19th Century California? Because I’ll explore you until I find gold. (California)
Are you an Idahoan? Because you are hoeing into my potato heart. (Idaho)
Are you from Alabama? Because All bama for you. (Alabama)
Are you from Arkansas? Because I'd like you on my ark to Kansas. (Arkansas)
Are you from Florida? Because you are a flower to my heart! (Florida)
Are you from Georgia because you're peach! (Georgia)
Are you from Georgia? Men stop gorging into my heart! (Georgia)
Are you from Hawaii? Because you are the howl in me. (Hawaii)
Are you from Maine? Because you are the main one in my heart. (Maine)
Are you from Missouri? Because you will never have to miss me. (Missouri)
Are you from Nevada? Because you are an alien to my heart, and it allows extraterrestrials. (Nevada)
Are you from Tennessee? Because you are the only ten I see. (Tennessee)
Are you Spokane for? (Washington)
Baby I'll make you see stars and stripes
Boise like me go for girls like you. (Idaho)
Did you just whisper a sweet nothing or was that the gale-force winds? (New Hampshire)
Do you work at KFC? Because you are the only one for me. (Kentucky)
Go gator. (Florida)
Hello and goodbye, but mostly HELLO. (Hawaii)
Hey Baby did you know they call me Grizzly Bear, because I'm always chasing after the Honey! (Alaska)
Hey girl, I might be from Delaware, but I'm no Small Wonder. (Delaware)
Hoosier boyfriend? Because I will beat him an omelette to make you mine. (Indiana)
I am boarderline crazy for you. (Arizona)
I dig you. (North Dakota)
I don't mean to panhandle, but I'm asking for a date. (Oklahoma)
I feel a love connecticution. (Connecticut)
I hope this date never ends. Just stays exactly the same for eight hours straight. (Nebraska)
I like to get off at your exit. (New Jersey)
I loved you first. (Delaware)
I might be missing teeth, but that just leaves more room for your tongue. (Arkansas)
I must be lost because I see paradise. (Delaware)
I pick you. (Maryland)
I put the wood in 'Hollywood'. (California)
I think we are alone now. (Wyoming)
I think we should go out. Do I get a vote? (Puerto Rico)
I'll let you drive my Jeep Grand Cherokees. (Connecticut)
I'm harboring feelings for you. (Massachusetts)
I'm so glad I found you, bet you can't find me. (Guam)
I'm tired of being a Lone. (Texas)
I've been trailing you for 28 months (Oregon)
I've had a crush on you for four score and seven days. (Illinois)
If I have earth-shaking feelings for you, it's not my fault. (California)
If it weren't for the Arizona sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created. (Arizona)
If this is almost heaven, you must be almost an angel. (West Virginia)
Is your name Dorothy? Because I'm sure you dropped from Kansas into my arteries. (Kansas)
Isle like you. (Virgin Islands)
It's true. Everything is bigger here. (Texas)
Let's go to In-N-Out. (California)
My heart is a mesa. (Colorado)
Ole Miss you when I'm gone. (Mississippi)
On a scale of one to America how free are you tonight?
Screw me if I'm wrong, but it's freezing in Phoenix. (Arizona)
The Arizona desert's full of cacti, but I've got the biggest prick. (Arizona)
Wanna get leid? (Hawaii)
Wanna share a bowl of ice cream? (Colorado)
Want to Gettysburger some time? (Pennsylvania)
Welcome to the land of 1000 likes. (Minnesota)
What did the dog say to the mitten? I ruff you so hard. (Michigan)
What happens between us, stays between us. (Nevada)
You are a man of true grits. (Georgia)
You are definitely better than Hannah Montana. (Montana)
You are my kind of pueblo. (New Mexico)
You are my lobster. (Maine)
You are the fried oyster of my eye. (Alabama)
You are the Kentucky Fried Chicken for me! (Kentucky)
You flatten me. (Kansas)
You have a cute Butte. (Montana)
You little rock my work! (Arkansas)
You make me want to say corny stuff. (Iowa)
You make me want to pretend to hike the Appalachian Trail. (South Carolina)
You make my stomach all Raleigh-poly. (North Carolina)
You must have been born in pearl harbor cause baby you da bomb. (Hawaii)
You run ring-roads around the other girls. (Rhode Island)
(Lick finger and wipe on his shirt)... Let's get you out of these wet clothes.
Are you a burger, because you can be the meat between my buns!
Are you balding, because you sure do SHINE.
Are you straight.. because I bet that I can turn you gay.
Bitch, you so fine, I'll tap that.
Can I ride your joystick?
Did you know that my dong is an 8.0 on the rectal scale?
Do you like the Teletubbies? Because you look like Tinkie Winkie.
Do you mind if I push in your stool?
Do you mix concrete for a living? Because you're making me hard.
Do you work for UPS? I thought I saw you checking out my package.
Dude, I'm an American Express lover... you shouldn't go home without me.
Excuse me, could you help me out? I have an incredible itch that's buried deep in my butt.
Fuck me if I'm wrong, but is your name Easy Bottom?
Have you ever bought a vibrator? (No.) Do you want to rent one?
Hello, I'm bisexual. I'd like to BUY you a drink...and then get sexual
Hey Bud. Wanna play tummy sticks?
Hey there, you like glazed or creme filled?
Hey, are you balding, because you sure do SHINE.
Hey, I lost my underwear, can I see yours?
Hey, I'm bisexual. Can I buy you a drink, then get sexual?
Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
I bet your license got suspended for driving all these guys crazy.
I don't need a spoonful of sugar to swallow you.
I hope you don't have tetnus cause tonight you are gonna nail me
I hope you're not a vegetarian, 'cause I want to feed you some meat!
I just saw George Michael in the men's room. He was asking about you.
I know you think I'm sexy, I know you think I'm fine, but just like all the other guys get a number and wait in line.
I may not be the best-looking guy in here, but I'm the only one talking to you.
I seem to have lost my underwear, can I see yours?
I support gay marriage.
I want to melt in your mouth, not in your hand
I'm an interior decorator. I can fill your interior.
I'm gay, straighten me out! I'm joining the priesthood tomorrow
I'm so GLAAD to have met you!
I've got an oral exam later, can I practice with you?
I've never seen such a huge bulge in a man's pants... wait a minute, yes I have - mine!
I'm an interior decorator. I can fill your interior
If I had a garden I'd put your two lips and my two lips together.
If you and I were the last men on earth, I bet we could do it in public.
Is that a double-ended vibrator in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?
Is your name Oliver? Cause in a minute you're gonna be Oliver this dick.
It ain't matter to me if you a gay bi or normal.
It's a good thing same-sex marriage is legal here, because I'm already planning our wedding.
Les-bi-honest... you were checking me out, weren't you?
May I stick a banana in your tailpipe?
My name is (your name)... remember that, you'll be screaming it later.
My two favorite letters of the alphabet E Z.
Nice ass... what time does it open?
Oh, you're straights. So is spaghetti until it gets hot.
Real men eat me.
So how do lesbians have sex? It's too complicated. I'd have to show you.
We're having a wiener-measuring contest over there. Do you have a yardstick that we could borrow?
When I'm around you I can't think straight.
Why don't you come on over here, sit on my lap, and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up?
Would you like your parrot on this shoulder....or THIS shoulder?
You know, being bi-sexual immediately doubles your chances for getting a date on a Saturday night.
You remind me of a Happy Meal… because I'm going to make you come with a toy inside.
You remind me of a Twinkie. Every time I bite into you, you cream in my mouth.
You would be perfect for this movie I'm shooting its called 'Dirty Sanchez'
You've got 206 bones in your body, want one more?(While dancing) You know, I'm really grateful for Martin Harris. Without him there'd be another 113 pages between us.
*Knock*Knock*Knock* Can I show you the true missionary position?
A date with me is a temple and you have a recommend.
Am I dreaming... or are you a revelation?
An angel said he would destroy me if I did not sleep with you.
Are those kolob pants you're wearing? Because your ass is out of this world!
Are those real boobs, or are you wearing Nephi's breast plate?
Are you a gadiaton robber? Because you just stole my heart!
Are you an angel? Because whenever I'm around you I strongly feel the spirit.
Are you lost ma'am? Because the celestial kingdom is a long way from here!
Are you the iron rod? Because I wanna hold onto you for the rest of eternity.
Are you the spirit? Because whenever I think about you I feel a burning in my bosom.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
Do you go to EFY? Because I am epecially for you.
Does your Dad wear a baker's hat? Because you've got a nice set of buns.
Don't I know you from the pre-existence?
Even with the Liahona, I get lost in your eyes.
Guy - You look like my first wife. Girl - Really? How many wives have you had? Guy - None
Guy asks girl: You're a-looking for mormon huh? Girl responds: What? Weird question. Guy says: Cuz I'm lookin for mor-women.
Guy sees girl and says: Oh good! Now I can break my fast. Girl asks: Why? Guy: Because I see the answer to my prayers.
Guy: Can I see your shirt tag? Girl: Why? Guy: I want to see if you are from Heaven.
Guy: Excuse me I'm on a Mission could you provide me with some Lodging. Girl: Um there's a hotel somewhere around here Guy: No my mission is to lodge in your heart
Guy: Excuse me I'm on a Mission could you provide me with some Lodging.
Girl: Um there's a hotel somewhere around here
Guy: No my mission is to lodge in your heart
Hey babe, I got this flaming sword from an angel and now I want to pass it in to you.
Hey babe, what's your PB lineage?
Hey wanna see my seer stones?
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's a ring, let's get married maybe?
Hey, is it just me or are we destined to be married?
Hey, what's your name? [Insert Name:] Hmmm, that sounds familiar... I think it was in my Patriarchal Blessing!
Hey...let's be like Joseph Smith, and score some ladies by creating our own religion.
How about dinner? I fix a great pan seared Curelom with orange juice and sprite reduction sauce.
I am here to share something important to your eternal salvation with you.
I bet you're even prettier in temple white.
I can be your scripture hero.
I can't think of anyone else I'd rather survive Armeggedon with.
I didn't know angels could fly so low!
I don't think you're worthy to take me to the temple. [Why?:] Because you're smokin'!
I had a revelation-We knew each other in the pre-existence. We were destined to be together.
I just got off my mission and I’m looking for my next companion.
I just received a message from the Holy Ghost that you are supposed to be my wife.
I knew I'd feel the spirit at church, but I never thought I'd see an angel.
I know god made all of his daughters beautiful, but man did he go over the top with you, gorgeous.
I miss you like the Book of Mormon missed the Bible during the Great Apostasy
I must be in heaven because I'm looking at angel Moroni!
I went on a mission tirp, and all I did was end up mission you.
I'm sorry, but you don't just have a sweet spirit... If you know what I mean.
If I got a dollar for every time I saw an angel, you would have to pull out your wallet.
If I received inspiration my whole life, like I did just now seeing you, I would be so inspired as to be the greatest prophet ever.
If you show me your Urim, I'll show you my Thummim.
If you start to feel off balance, just hold tight to the rod.
Is the spirit telling you what it's telling me?
Is your name David? Because I wanna be like Goliath and fall for you.
Is your name virtue? Because you garnish MY thoughts unceasingly!
My Liahona pointed to you.
My love for you is like shiz's last breath, I just can't hold it in!
The 13th Article of Faith requires me to ask you out (If there is anything virtuous, lovely or of good report, or praiseworthy, we seek after these things.')'
The only thing standing between you and me is my priesthood; if you know what I mean.
The tree of life called. It wants its sweetness back.
Wanna be a sister wife?
Wanna hold the priesthood? (Guy holds his arms out)
Want to put the Duggars to shame and 'Multiply and Replenish the Earth'?
We have been commanded to multiply and replenish the earth.
What do you and hell have in common? You're both Hot!
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
What's a celestial girl like you doing in a telestial place like this?
What's in the box?
What's your favorite temple? (he/she answers) Baby, I'm lookin' at mine!
You have great child bearing hips.
You must be a Jaredite, because you are tight like unto a dish.
You must be the liahona because your workmanship is exceedingly fine.
You must be the promised land, because my liahona is pointed right at you.
You remind me of the fruit in Lehi's dream... the most precious of all.
You wanna see my flaming sword?
You're not old enough to go to the church dance. Let's make out instead.
(At mass) Same time, same place next Sunday?
(for the gentleman)God said it is not good for man to be alone. So how about it?
(For the ladies) Excuse me, I believe one of your ribs belongs to me.
(like the other one) Wanna pray with me? *holds hands* Lets start with a rosary…
(to a guy) Wow, big strong man like you… you must be one of God's soldiers…
7 plagues is nothing compare to what I'd go through for you.
Are you a penitential season? Because I'd give up anything for you.
Are you baptismal regeneration? Because you make me feel like a new man.
Are you hot or is that just the holy spirt burning inside you?
Are you Saint Anthony, because you found my heart?
Are you the angel I have been praying for?
Are you the sacrament of Confirmation? Because you complete me.
Aye girl. Gimme Psalm of that.
Baby, somebody better call God, cause he's missing an angel!
Can you say a novena for me? I need God to put someone like you in my life.
Catholics don't shake hands; Catholics gotta hug!
Christ may be the bread of life, but you're the butter.
Confess here often?
Did I see you in line for the Passion?
Did it hurt when you fell from Heaven?
Did you feel what I felt when we reached into the holy water font at the same time?
Didn't I see your face on a holy card somewhere?
Do you believe in Divine Appointment?
Do you have my number because I think I am being called by you.
Do you know how I can volunteer with the Sunday School? I really love kids.
Do you need help carrying your bible? It looks heavy
Do you need prayer? Because I'm certainly willing to lay hands on you.
Do you want to be accountability partners?
Doesn't the Bible say to 'greet one another with a holy kiss?
Excuse me, is this pew taken?
For you I would slay two Goliaths!
Gee, that's a lovely scent of incense you're burning there.
Girl, you so fine, I'd give you up for Lent.
God has used you to teach me what true love really is
God must have spent a little more time on you!(from a song)
God told me to come talk to you.
God was just showing off when he made you.
Guy: I love this song. Girl: there is no music playing. Guy: Your voice is like music to my soul.
Guy: Shouldn't you be at confession? Girl: Why? Guy: Isn't stealing someone's heart against the 7th commandment?
Guy: there's no smoking allowed in church. Girl: I'm not smoking. Guy: Oh yes you are!
Have you ever prayed at a Drive-in Movie?
Here I am, the answer to your prayers.
Hey are you busy Sunday? Wanna meet me at the altar…
Hey girl, God commands us to be fruitful and multiply. What do you say?
Hey girl, I know when Septuagesima starts.
Hey girl, reading Leviticus with you was so fun! Let's do that again!
Hey girl, whenever I read Proverb 31, I think about you.
Hey girl. Bathsheba had nothing on you.
Hey girl. Don't worry. I'll be sure to sit next to you during the prayer so that we can hold hands.
Hey girl. Unfortunately, I can't perform miracles, and I only have enough fish and bread for two people...
Hey, I heard about this great birthday party, you wanna go? (Christmas)
Hi. My name is Will... God's Will.
Hmm, you smell as good as St Padre Pio's stigmata.
How about a hug, sister?
How about you and me get some fish this Friday?
How about you be the salt, and I'll be the light.
How many times do I have to walk around you to make you fall for me?
How would you like to join my Purpose Driven Life?
How's your walk with the Lord? Let's share our hearts.
I always wanted a Josephite marriage… until I met you.
I am here for you.
I believe one of my ribs belongs to you.
I believe you have one of my ribs…
I bet I can guess your confirmation name.
I can't wait to see your body of Christ. When you gonna ask me to church?
I consider myself to be fisher of women. This would be referred to as 'casting my net.'
I don't know if you noticed but, when you walked into the room, that was me giving up a clap offering.
I feel like God's telling me that you should go on a date with me.
I have a bible verse tattoo, it's permanent, it's also in Latin.
I have a vocation to the married life…will you help me out?
I have to wear sunglasses when I'm around you because your halo shines so bright.
I know a good church where we can go and talk.
I know Paul says that it's better to stay single, but ever since I met you I knew that would be impossible for me.
I know you've already said no once, but call me Joshua because I'm going to break down your walls.
I like the black spot on your forehead.
I lost my misslette, can I borrow yours?
I love you like Abelard loved Heloise… but without the fornication, lying, public disgrace or castration.
I may not have a job right now, and I may live in my parent's basement, but I swear to you I'm storing up treasure in heaven and my mansion is gonna rock.
I sometimes write for Called to Communion. Coffee?
I think I just met the 13th gift of the Holy Spirit.
I think I'm called to marriage, can I call you sometime?
I think it's cute when we're in the car and you turn down the music when a swear word is coming up.
I thought perfect matches were only made in heaven, but I am glad I found mine right here in front of me.
I totally predicted David over Goliath.
I used to believe in natural theology, but since I met you I've converted to divine revelation.
I was not checking him out. I was admiring how the good lord has blessed him.
I would like to study the theology of your body.
I would part the Red Sea for you.
I'd love to show you 50 shades of grace...
I'm doing my Marian consecration this year. Next year, I'd like to be Marian you.
I'm no Joseph, but I'm having trouble interpreting the dreams I've been having about you.
I've been reading Joshua, but how many times do I have to walk around you before you fall for me?
If I had a bead for every time I thought of you I would have a joyful mystery.
If I had I a vocation to the priesthood and I met you… I'd still go to the seminary.
If loving you is a heresy, then let me be anathema.
If my wallet look like a bible, it's only because the Word of God is ore valuable to me than gold.
If we were around with Noah… then you, me… pair!
Is it a sin that you stole my heart?
Is it hot in here or that just your Holy Fire?
Is stealing my heart breaking the 8th Commandment?
Is this pew taken?
Is your name Charity? Because if I don't have you, I'll be nothing.
Is your name Faith? Because you're the substance of things I've hoped for.
Is your name Grace? Because you're amazing.
Is your name virtue? Because you garnish my thoughts unceasingly.
It makes my head spin to see you serve food to those homeless people. You're such a servant.
It's obvious to me that you sprouted from the good kinda soil.
It's obvious you sprouted from the good kind of soil.
It's Palm Sunday, may I hold your palm?
Jesus invited me over to His house tomorrow. Wanna come along?
King Solomon may have been wise…but I'm more of a one-wife guy myself.
Let me sell you an indulgence because it's a sin to look as good as you do.
Let's be like Noah and do this as a pair.
Let's get out of here. I know a much cozier little Catholic bookstore downtown.
Let's scan the Bible and pick out baby names.
Like the Bible says, I guard my heart. And you just set off my security alarm.
Make a passing comment about your meeting being the result of Divine intervention or Divine appointment.
Many are the women of proven worth, but you have surpassed them all…
May I offer you a light for that votive candle?
May I sit down? I was admiring your Chest-erton. Have you also read Orthodoxy?
My favorite commandment is the one about 'loving one another.'
My Guardian Angel thinks your cute
My Sacred Heart scapular started beating faster when I saw you.
My vocations director said i should talk to you . . . .
Nice bible
Not much… Wojtyla doing later?
Now I know why Solomon had 700 wives…because he never met you.
On first dates, I always take girls to get BBQ ribs. It feels the most biblical considering they came from one.
Others may try to surpass your physical beauty, but your spiritual beauty is beyond the constraints of this world.
Pray here often?
Sackcloth and ashes really suits you.
So do you wanna like go to mass sometime?
So last night I was reading in the book of Numbers, and then I realized, I don't have yours.
So, my parents are home, you wanna come over?
So, what would you say to some paschal breakfast tomorrow? (daily mass)
So… do you come here often?” (in mass)
That halo matches your eyes perfectly.
The Catholic Church on Main is having Mass on Sunday, wanna go?
The Crystalina to my Jason?
The Gianna to my Pietro?
The girl (or guy) walks around the prospect and then grabs the back of their shirt and looks at the tag and says…..”yep, exactly what I thought…..made in heaven”
The guy holds out his hand to the girl and says, “Let's pray.” Then, as soon as the girl grabs his hand to pray, he says, “later.” and continues to hold the girl's hand.
The Holy Spirit compels me. I can't help but draw near to you.
The Lord is your refuge and strength in times of need, but in the meantime I was thinking I could lay hands on you in prayer...
The sight of you leaves me apophatic.
The word says 'Give drink to those who are thirsty, and feed the hungry,' how about dinner?
They say to love another person is to see the face of God. Well let me tell you, I think I am seeing His face
They say when two are gathered in his name in prayer, Jesus is there, want to see if Jesus will pay us a visit?
Unfortunately I can't perform miracles and I've only got enough bread and fish for 2 people.
Wanna go out for some Body and Blood?
Wanna go to adoration together? My parish or yours?
Wanna go up to the roof… and pray?
Wanna join me for Evening Prayer?
Wanna see my Chastity Card?
Wanna serve at the soup kitchen with me on Wednesday?
Want to come over and watch the 10 Commandments?
Want to join me on the threshing floor?
We're starting a Parish Directory, can I have your name and number?
What are you Tolkien about?
What are your plans for tonight? Feel like a Bible study?
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
What!?!?, Friends listen to Amazing Grace in the dark!
What's a nice girl like you doing in a confession line like this?
What's your theological world view?”
When I read Philippians 4:8, I think about you.
When I saw you, I knew the true meaning of “Rejoice and Be Glad.”
When you shook my hand my world was filled with peace!
Will you be my Vocation?
Will you be the Alice to my Dietrich?
Wow, God must have been having a good day when He created you.
WOW, nice mass
Yeah, I predicted David over Goliath.38. (circle the person while looking at them) Where are the wings? You are an angel right?
You and me, we're like loaves and fishes. We just might be a miracle together.
You are perfect, except with all the sin.
You are so unblemished that I would sacrifice you.
You don't have an accountability partner? Me neither!
You don't like the culture of death either? Wow! We have so much in common!
You just broke a commandment by stealing my heart.
You know Jesus!? Me too!!!
You know they say that you have never really dated until you've dated a Catholic.
You know what the temple veil and I have in common? We're both ripped.
You know why Solomon had so many wives? It's because he never found you.
You know, God is pure beauty…I see a lot of God in you.
You know, they say Latin lovers are the most passionate…
You like Jesus? I like Jesus! we could go like Jesus together…
You look like an angel. Welcome to Earth!
You make the Queen of Sheba look like a hobo.
You must be Egyptian because I'm a slave for you.
You must be my angel cause you're the Answers to all my prayers.
You want to do something? Sure, let's go pray.
You, me, candles, wine, and a little Lamb of God?
You. Me. Song of Songs: The Remix.
You'll always be the second woman in my life. Our Lady is first.
You're a Galatians 5 fruit salad.
You're looking a knight in shining armor. I just so happen to be wearing the armor of God.
You're my eucatastrophe.
You've been waiting for God to grant you the desires of your single heart, and I'm certain to satisfy them.
You've got stunning scapular-brown eyes.
Your as lovely as a rose, you must be my answer to the novena I was praying to St. Theresa the Little Flower
Your hair is like a flock of goats descending from Gilead.
Your pilgrimage or mine?
Are you a creationist? Because you are so beautiful you must have been created by god and evolve to perfection overtime.
Are you a deity? Because you look unreal.
Are you a pastafarian? Because you have just been touched with noodly appendage.
Are you a secular humanist? Because I want to engage in a rational conversation.
Are you a traditionalist? Because your form is extraordinary.
Are you religious? Wanna drink with me and sleep in together Sunday morning.
Can I covet your ass?
Did it hurt when you fell from non existent heaven? Because you look like an angel. Not the religious kind, but the kind I can get drunk enough to sleep with me….
Did it hurt when you turned to logic and reasoning?
Did it hurt when you were ripped from the cold bosom of oblivion and given conscious thought?
Do you like Revelations? I'm not wearing any underwear.
Don't worry. Nobody's watching.
Evolution perfected itself when it made you.
Excuse me, but you are one sexy combination of atoms!
Hey baby, there is no need for condoms. I don't believe in STDs.
Hey girl, do you believe in the survival of the fittest? Because I want to celebrate triumph your fine ass.
Hey girl, let's combine our starstuff.
Hey there, have you been touched by the great noodly appendage?
Hey you want to go watch Religulous and bang?
I believe we are a perfect match, but will you come home with me so I can test my hypothesis.
I don't believe in Christianity, but you can talk to my snake anytime.
I know I'm an atheist but, GOD DAMN you're gorgeous!
I know you're an atheist, but I can make you scream God.
I may not be Jesus, but you can still nail me.
I may not go to church, but I have an organ for you.
I naturally select you.
I'm an atheist… until I orgasm.
In what kingdom shall we come?
Is that a copy of Origin of Species in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Jesus may not come a second time, but I sure can!
Let me show you there is a God.
Naturally, I'd select you over anyone else.
Nice genes. Want to go half on the baby?
Skeptical about my abilities in bed? Don't worry. I can provide tons of proof.
Thankfully, there is no heaven or hell, because I have some deadly sins in mind.
The Flying Spaghetti Monster has a plan for us. I feel in my heart, he's telling me he wants you to lay hands on my noodly appendage.
There is no god, so no going to hell if we fuck.
Think of me as the Anti-Jesus. You won't be able to walk after I've finished with you.
This atheist would love to be in YOUR foxhole…
Wanna come back to my place and try to evolve the species?
Wanna prove immaculate conception wrong?
Wanna prove our non-existence?
Wanna re-create the Big Bang?
Well I was planning on knock you over and carry you home. But that's so prehistoric. So maybe you want to just get a drink?
When I'm not there when you wake up, that's just me playing god.
Would you like to feel my noodly appendages?
You are like my soulmate, if I had a soul.
You are so sweet must be the deoxyribose in your DNA.
You can't spell EVOLVE without LOVE.
You have been chosen by the Dark Lord to be defiled on the ceremonial altar. It's quite an honor.
You might not be a nun, but you will be missionary tonight.
You must have fallen from heaven, because it doesn't exist.
You used to pray on your knee all day? Let's try something new.
Are you a deity? Because you look out of this world.
Buddha said every relationship in your life is a reflection of you. I can see myself in your beautiful eyes.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment in bed.
Girl, my lust for you is greater than my thirst for enlightenment has to wait...
Have I met you before? (No) Not this lifetime? It must be our previous lifetime.
Here I am, the answer to your prayers.
Hey girl, are you familiar with Buddha's teaching?
Hey girl, reading Leviticus with you was so fun! Let's do that again!
Hey girl. Don't worry. I'll be sure to sit next to you during the prayer so that we can hold hands.
I didn't believe in reincarnation the last time, either.
I know I'm a Buddhist, but GOD DAMN you're gorgeous!
I love my life. Would you share it with me?
I'd like to be reincarnated as one of your tears, because I'd be born in your eyes, live on your face, and die on your lips.
I'm into Tantra which views the woman as an aspect of your own infinite self.
If the principle of reciprocity applies, I want to go out with you, will you go out with me?
It goes against my belief to be judgmental, but your beauty outshines everyone in the room.
It is a man's own mind that lures him to evil ways. My mind is full of you.
Let go of your material possession and come to bed with me.
Let's just enjoy having sex this moment and not thing about the past or the future. No attachments.
Life is a process of constantly letting go. Let go of your new life and embrace the new one with me!
Life is kind of a challenge. Want to do it with me?
Looking for Nirvana? after a few drinks , I will take you there!
Making you smile is my path of service.
My karma ran over my dogma....
Namaste
Reincarnation is so great because here we are meeting again.
Relax and awaken to your own divine being!
Sex is part of nature. I go along with nature.
Simple having a conversation with you right now makes my day whether you give me or not give me your phone number.
So, I hear reincarnation is making a comeback.
The Buddha said, 'Men who are addicted to the passions are like the torch-carrier running against the wind; his hands are sure to be burned.' I lust for you and love to play with fire.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
We are all connected on a deeper level.
We are all dancing in this divine play called life.
We can be one with everything starting with you and me becoming one.
Would you like to come over and meditate with me?
You are a moment in my life story.
You are so beautiful that I want to be reincarnated as your child.
You buddhi me.
You complete my life.
After seeing you, the first thing I said was Mash'Allah. The next was Inshallah!
Allah created everyone in pairs, so what are you doing, single?
Are you a Shiite? Because when I saw you, I said to myself, 'She aiight'.
Are you Muslim? Because your body islamin.
Are you tired? Cause you've been making tawaf in my head all day.
Are your feet tired? Because you've been performing Tawaaf in my mind all day long?
Can I have your mahram's phone number?
Can I have your number so I can wake you up for fajr?
Do you believe in the hereafter? Oh, you do? Then you know what I'm hereafter.
Do you wanna date? I bought a box full when I went to Madinah.
Girl, I need to break my fast. Can I have a date?
Girl, you must be like shaytan. Because you fell out of Jannah.
Has anyone ever told you that you have beautiful eyes?
Hey girl, feel my thobe. You know what it's made of? Husband material.
Hey girl, I just saw the moon in your eyes... Eid Mubarak.
Hey girl, I think I'm sick, but Allah created a cure: YOU.
Hey girl, we're allowed to marry four...but I don't think that's necessary because you're a 10.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my dad's number, so call him maybe?
Hey, girl. When I first saw you, I was like و.
His Iman is like his beard. It's full and perfect.
I didn’t trip over my thobe, I fell for you.
I know Halal meat does a body good, but wow, how much you been eatin'?
I love the way your Abaya flows when you walk.
I must have died a shaheed and gone to heaven because you are my 72 virgins all in one.
I need to break my fast. Can I have a date?
I want your feet to be my kid's Jannah.
I'd fast for a lifetime just to have one iftar with you.
I'd like to be more than just your brother in Islam.
I'm not staring. I'm just enjoying my first and only allowed look.
I've had to fast every day since the first time I saw you.
It must be Laylatul Qadr, because that's the night that angels come down from Heaven.
It must be Laylatul Qadr. Because that's the night that angels come down from Heaven.
Let's get married so I don't have to lower my gaze every time you walk in the room.
Looks around girl's hijaab: Sorry, I was looking for the made in Jannah tag.
Muslims are supposed to have many children, and I am willing to do my part...
Nice burqa. Can I talk you out of it?
Our parents engaged us when we were little... they must have forgotten to tell you.
Roses are red. Violets are blue. You're so halal. Can I nikkah you?
So, read any good Surahs lately?
That hijab really compliments your eyes.
That's a nice burka. Can I talk you out of it?
To watch you pray is a sin of its own.
Wanna pray in jamaat? Shoulder to shoulder, feet to feet?
What school of thought do you follow, because I thought about you all through school.
When I first saw you, I said mashallah and then I said inshallah.
Will my platinum visa cover your dowry?
Will you help the cause of the Ummah by helping me complete half of my deen?
Would you like to see my collection of bukharts?
Would you like to share my prayer-mat?
Wow, you're beautiful! I see praying five times a day has paid off.
You are so Haram, we need to make it Halal right now.
You can be the queen of my Hurs anyday.
You cant play basketball with hijab on. Marry me and we'll go one on one our entire life.
You remind me of the Ka'aba. I can walk around you all day long.
Your feet made me lower my gaze.
10% of me is 100% certain that I can give you 10% of my heart forever.
7 plagues is nothing compare to what I'd go through for you.
Are you hot or is that just the holy spirt burning inside you?
Aye girl. Gimme Psalm of that.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
Did you say your name was Esther? Oh, I guess I just think you were chosen for such a time as this.
Do you know how I can volunteer with the Sunday School? I really love kids.
Do you need prayer? Because I'm certainly willing to lay hands on you.
Do you want to be accountability partners?
Doesn't the Bible say to 'greet one another with a holy kiss?
For you I would slay two Goliaths!
God was just showing off when he made you.
Here I am, the answer to your prayers.
Hey girl, are you familiar with Fordyce's sermons?
Hey girl, God commands us to be fruitful and multiply. What do you say?
Hey girl, reading Leviticus with you was so fun! Let's do that again!
Hey girl, whenever I read Proverb 31, I think about you.
Hey girl. Bathsheba had nothing on you.
Hey girl. Don't worry. I'll be sure to sit next to you during the prayer so that we can hold hands.
Hey girl. I heard Jesus called you. Mind I do the same?
Hey girl. Unfortunately, I can't perform miracles, and I only have enough fish and bread for two people...
Hi. My name is Will... God's Will.
How about you be the salt, and I'll be the light.
How many times do I have to walk around you to make you fall for me?
How would you like to join my Purpose Driven Life?
How's your walk with the Lord? Let's share our hearts.
I arrange the substantial Christian section of my bookshelf into alphabetical order. Coffee?
I believe one of my ribs belongs to you.
I can't wait to see your body of Christ. When you gonna ask me to church?
I consider myself to be fisher of women. This would be referred to as 'casting my net.'
I don't know if you noticed but, when you walked into the room, that was me giving up a clap offering.
I feel like God's telling me that you should go on a date with me.
I have a bible verse tattoo, it's permanent, it's also in ancient Greek.
I have been practicing my Sufjan songs. Wanna harmonize with me while we gaze at each other?
I have to wear sunglasses when I'm around you because your halo shines so bright.
I heard that Tim Keller's book, 'The Meaning of Marriage,' is pretty great. How about we read it together and discuss?
I just have this feeling that God put us both on the same mission trip for a reason.
I know Paul says that it's better to stay single, but ever since I met you I knew that would be impossible for me.
I know you've already said no once, but call me Joshua because I'm going to break down your walls.
I may not have a job right now, and I may live in my parent's basement, but I swear to you I'm storing up treasure in heaven and my mansion is gonna rock.
I noticed that you have the bible app on your phone... I can tell you're a woman of the word.
I put the stud in Bible study.
I think it's cute when we're in the car and you turn down the music when a swear word is coming up.
I totally predicted David over Goliath.
I used to believe in natural theology, but since I met you I've converted to divine revelation.
I was not checking him out. I was admiring how the good lord has blessed him.
I would part the Red Sea for you.
I'd love to show you 50 shades of grace...
I'm no Joseph, but I'm having trouble interpreting the dreams I've been having about you.
I'm pretty much considered an elder in the congregation these days.
I've been reading Joshua, but how many times do I have to walk around you before you fall for me?
If my wallet look like a bible, it's only because the Word of God is ore valuable to me than gold.
If we were around with Noah… then you, me… pair!
Is it hot in here or that just your Holy Fire?
Is this pew taken?
Is your name Grace? Because you are amazing.
Is your name virtue? Because you garnish my thoughts unceasingly.
It makes me feel so good when I think about how equally yoked we are.
It makes my head spin to see you serve food to those homeless people. You're such a servant.
It's obvious to me that you sprouted from the good kinda soil.
It's obvious you sprouted from the good kind of soil.
King Solomon may have been wise…but I'm more of a one-wife guy myself.
Let me sell you an indulgence because it's a sin to look as good as you do.
Let's be like Noah and do this as a pair.
Let's be like Noah and do this as a pair.
Let's scan the Bible and pick out baby names.
Like the Bible says, I guard my heart. And you just set off my security alarm.
Look, you're nearly 22. Most Christians are three years into marriage by now…just settle for me.
Make a passing comment about your meeting being the result of Divine intervention or Divine appointment.
My friend told me to come and meet you, he said that you are a really nice person. I think you know Him, Jesus, yeah, that's his name.
Nice Bible.
Now I know why Solomon had 700 wives…because he never met you.
On first dates, I always take girls to get BBQ ribs. It feels the most biblical considering they came from one.
Pray here often?
So last night I was reading in the book of Numbers, and then I realized, I don't have yours.
So, my parents are home, you wanna come over?
The Holy Spirit compels me. I can't help but draw near to you.
The Lord is your refuge and strength in times of need, but in the meantime I was thinking I could lay hands on you in prayer...
The word says 'Give drink to those who are thirsty, and feed the hungry,' how about dinner?
The word says to 'Give drink to those who are thirsty, and feed the hungry'; So how about dinner tonight?
Unfortunately I can't perform miracles and I've only got enough bread and fish for 2 people.
Wanna come over and watch Left Behind?
Wanna serve at the soup kitchen with me on Wednesday?
What are you doing for the rest of your afterlife?
What're you doing for the rest of your afterlife?
You and me, we're like loaves and fishes. We just might be a miracle together.
You are perfect, except with all the sin.
You are so unblemished that I would sacrifice you.
You be the fish and I'll be the loaves. Let's let Jesus make a miracle out of us.
You just broke a commandment by stealing my heart.
You know what the temple veil and I have in common? We're both ripped.
You know why Solomon had so many wives? It's because he never found you.
You make the Queen of Sheba look like a hobo.
You must be Egyptian because I'm a slave for you.
You're looking a knight in shining armor. I just so happen to be wearing the armor of God.
You've been waiting for God to grant you the desires of your single heart, and I'm certain to satisfy them.
Your hair is like a flock of goats descending from Gilead.
Your heart for worship is extremely attractive. The way that you sing your heart out and throw your hands in the air... Gracious.
My favorite commandment is the one about 'loving one another.'
You. Me. Song of Songs: The Remix.Are you a pandemic? Because you have my heart on lockdown.
Are you locking down with me? Because I want to flatten your curves.
Are you looking for a naughty experience? I only washed my hands for 19 seconds.
Are you soap? Because I would want you all over me.
Are you working from home? Well fancy for some office sex?
Babe, are you ready for my sweet droplets?
Babe, I am all the PPE you need.
Babe, want to get stuck together for 2 weeks.
Babe, you have Zoomed in my life.
Baby, do you need toilet paper? Because I can be your Prince Charmin.
Distance makes my love grow stronger for you.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk past your house on the other side of the street again?
Do you quarantine often? When’s the last time you had a 14 night stand?
Don't take the mask off please, I prefer safe sex.
During this quarantine we have to stock up on essential supplies. Come home with me and my stockpile will be complete!
Girl, 2 weeks is nothing compared to the rest of our life together.
Girl, how about send me a socially distanced nude?
Girl, I could sanitize and disinfect you inside out and all night long.
Girl, I have zero immunity against your sex appeal.
Girl, no protective barrier is enough to stop me from getting to you.
Girl, you don't need to gather 10 people to have a good time. All you need is this one.
Girl, you look amazing from this distance.
Girl, you look amazing with those masks and gloves.
Have you been quarantined? Never mind you are worth it to die for.
Have you been tested?
Hey Babe! Can I deliver you a drink?
Hey baby, you come within 6 feet of here often?
I can't be with you physically, but can I FaceTime on you.
I love you so much that I want to share my hand sanitizer with you.
I really can’t stay, baby it's Covid outside.
I saw you from across the street. Stay there.
I would touch you with my 6 foot pole.
I wouldn't want to be quarantined with anyone else but you.
I’m a sanitizer in the streets and a Hazmat suit in the sheets
If I told you, you have a nice body? Would you quarantine it with me?
Is that a bottle of Purell hand sanitizer in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Kiss me through the phone.
Meet me in my bunker. There's toilet paper and water.
Safer at home, and safer in my bed.
Since all the public libraries are closed, I'm checking you out instead.
Skype and chill?
That n95 mask brings out the beauty in your eyes.
The world is in lock down, girl I just want to lock you down.
Time to shelter in my place baby.
Want to dance 6 feet apart?
Want to kiss with mask on?
Want to make travel plans that we are going to cancel?
Want to quarantine and chill?
Want to shelter in place on my bed?
We don't have to wait for the government help, this guy got all the stimulus package you need.
We shouldn't get together sometime.
What's the number of days you've been self-isolating? I am a 14 and let's mess around.
When everything's closed, but can you open up your legs?
Without you my life is as empty as the supermarket shelf.
You are quarantined in heaven? Because you are an angel.
You can’t spell quarantine without “u r a q t”
You can't spell virus without U and I.
You had me when you had those toilet paper delivered.
You Smell So Good. Is That Purell You're Wearing ?
Are you coronavirus, because I have zero immunity against you.
Are you coronavirus, because you are all I am masking for.
Are you coronavirus, because you are making me hot for you.
Are you coronavirus, because you took my breath away.
Are you coronavirus, you are making me breathless.
Are you coronavirus, you are super wet for me.
Are you the novel coronavirus? Because your smile is contagious.
Are your thighs Coronavirus? Because I want them to kill me.
Babe are you coronavirus, because you are giving me respiratory problems.
Babe are your legs coronavirus, because I see them spreading tonight.
Babe, are you stocking up your supplies? I got all the toilet paper and condoms that we need.
Babe, forget about coronavirus panic. Let's work it from home, in my bed.
Babe, I bet you do not have coronavirus. Because I heard it cannot stand your hotness.
Babe, I promise I won't touch your face with my unwashed hands. Because I got better things to touch you with.
Do you have coronavirus? Come sneeze on me and we could be quarantined together for 2 weeks.
Do you have the Coronavirus, because I can't stop looking achoo.
Girl, are you afraid of the coronavirus, let's quarantine ourselves for 14 days.
Girl, are you coronavirus, because I want to travel the world with you.
Girl, do you have coronavirus, because I know a super spreader when I see one.
Girl, don't worry about coronavirus. I got bigger things to take your breath away.
Girl, stay in bed with me for 2 weeks if you are afraid of the coronavirus.
Girl, are you dry coughing? I got something that could go deep throat and scratch your itch.Are you overwhelmed and insecure? Just have a dick and you'll feel better. (In My Blood)
Babe, I don't meant to hurt you, but I will sure tear your pussy apart tonight.
Babe, moan so loud that the walls will break. (Something Big)
Babe, you are my señorita. (Señorita)
Baby tonight I am prepared and gladly do it twice, ejecting all the load inside my pump. (Mercy)
Baby, I can treat you better and giving you the loving you're missing. (Treat You Better)
Baby, I can't fuck any girl that's not you. (If I Can't Have You)
Baby, tonight is the night to take it way too far. (There's Nothing Holding' Me Back)
Better than he can, any girl like you deserves amazing fucking. (Treat You Better)
Damn girl, you know I am gonna hit it. (Something Big)
Doesn't matter where you've been, my hands will be all over your skin. (I Know What You Did Last Summer)
Don't like to wait, babe it's time to go far enough and no more guessing. (There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back)
Dropping my inhibitions, I am not holding back for you baby. (There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back)
Every thrust is ooh la la la yeah baby. (Señorita)
Girl get onto your knees, I promise you will not be needing stitches. (Stitches)
Girl I can no longer pretend I don't need ya. (Señorita)
Girl underneath my pants, there's a beast that is trying to be seen. (This Is What It Takes)
Girl whenever you get close to cum, I'll let you take control yeah. (There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back)
Girl, I can undress you with my lips and hook you with my tongue, want me to show you? (Señorita)
Girl, your boobs will fit right in my hands. (Señorita)
Hey Girl, when I am done with you, sweat won't be the only thing dripping off you. (Señorita)
I cannot get enough of the way you taste. (Señorita)
I cannot pretend I don't need you babe. (Señorita)
I don't even know your name, and I'll still hold you everyday. (I Don't Even Know Your Name)
I know girl, do me like what you did last summer. (I Know What You Did Last Summer)
I know we just met, maybe it's just my dick in love oh baby. (Kid In Love)
I need you now. (In My Blood)
If this is what it takes, let me be the one to give the head. (This Is What It Takes)
If we bounce our hips, the bed will shake. (Something Big)
If you're feeling kinda horny, baby I want to make you mine. (Kid in Love)
I'll be inside when you feel wrong. (This Is What It Takes)
I'll have you leave him, one more fuck is all it takes. (Afterwave)
I'll make you cum all over like a puppet on my string. (Mercy)
Needle and thread, gotta get you into my bed. (Stitches)
No matter where you run, I'll keep coming for you. (Señorita)
No one left me quite this sore, come baby blow me back to life. (Stitches)
Nothing holding me back, picture us naked. (There's Nothing Holding' Me Back)
Ohh babe I want you coming for me. (Señorita)
Ready for something big? Feel it pushing and pulling. Your pussy grabbing me. (Something Big)
Set me free girl, have mercy and suck on my cock. (Mercy)
Sexing means nothing if I can't have you come. (If I Can't Have You)
Spending my night reading sexts from you, can't sleep without thinking about fucking you. (If I Can't Have You)
Take my dick, promise we'll be fine. I won't let you down. (Treat You Better)
Take this cock and start a fire babe. (Something Big)
Take your last thrust, it's like that feeling when you're just about to cum. (Something Big)
What you want isn't in my blood, only a simple good fuck. (In My Blood)
Whoa oh oh oh I feel it happening. Feeling high? (Something Big)
Would you please have pussy, pussy on my face?. (Mercy)
You don't have to orgasm on your own, I'll be your toy to cum on. (This Is What It Takes)
Are you alone boy? Come give me some. (Boys)
Babe for all this ass, I promise I won't go flat. (Tempo)
Babe, I'll get you dripping so much sauce. That's how my tongue rolls. (Juice)
Babe, you are my baddest bitch. (Juice)
Babe, you so pretty and so ditty. (Water Me)
Blame it on your juice? I am going to slurp your juice. (Juice)
Choo choo, let's get em sweatin and getting thicker. (Water Me)
Come eat some of this pussy cakey. (Tempo)
Don't discriminate, come and blow me dry anytime. (Boys)
Fucking feelings, I love you. (Cuz I Love You)
Girl, by the time I am done, you won't be able to get me out of your hair. (Truth Hurts)
Girl, got tempo? Let's fuck it up to the beat. (Tempo)
Girl, I want to fuck it up, inside your little buttercup. (Tempo)
Girl, need to take off your cloths, time to focus down on you. (Good as Hell)
Girl, you got some Booty Vicious. (Fitness)
Girl, you look good as hell. (Good as Hell)
Gonna make you shine with some amazing sex. (Juice)
Hey girl, hurting? Feel like a goddess with this great man. (Truth Hurts)
I am coming to water you babe, let it simmer. (Water Me)
I can make a girl go crazy, come and get a taste. (Boys)
I don't fuck with lies, I just straight fuck. (Truth Hurts)
I don't need your heart to break. I can always just break your pussy. (Truth Hurts)
I got a bottle of Tequila, ready to party? (Good as Hell)
I know my dick's hard, but you have to try. (Good as Hell)
I need to boilin it up all night in your pot. (Water Me)
I wanna freak you, I heard you want to freak too. (Boys)
I won't do you wrong, I am making you feeling right. (Good as Hell)
Independent, athletic, I know you want it, I am working on my stiffness. (Fitness)
Keep it moving, gonna make you touch the sky babe. (Good as Hell)
Keep it pushing all night long baby. (Truth Hurts)
Knuckle up and buckle up, I know you want to get on this ride. (Tempo)
Legendary twerk skills girl, let's go. (Tempo)
Let's get down and show you I roll in your pudding. (Juice)
Me a man in the sheets, a freak too. (Boys)
No limit, you are my inspiration. (Water Me)
No nude texts, I gotta give straight to your face. (Truth Hurts)
Not my faut that my dicks out here getting loose, gotta blame it on the boobs. (Juice)
Pivot, uh huh, I need to be in your kitty. (Water Me)
Ready for something more exciting in bed? (Truth Hurts)
See this ass? Take my heavy metal rod down low. (Fitness)
Think about how you gonna feel when you take it all off, this ass don't stop. (Fitness)
Time to use tempo to fuck it up. (Tempo)
Truth hurts, you are all the excitement I desire. (Truth Hurts)
Truth, I want you bitch. (Truth Hurts)
Try open up a little more of legs for some love impaling. (Cuz I Love You)
You are my whole damn meal tonight. (Juice)
You are so pretty and me be after you kitty. (Water Me)Are you down for the struggle AND the snuggle?
As a firm believer in community action I'd like to help you with my volunteer member.
Ayy girl lemme boost your cause.
Baby you must been tired cause you've been marching for equality in my mind all day.
Baby, I fell for you bell hooks, line, and sinker.
Baby, I got 99 problems and the oppression faced by your community that disallows us from being together is one of them 
Come and occupy my bed, we can be the 100%.
From the moment I looked in to your eyes.. I knew.. You loved liberation of the oppressed people as much as I do.
Girl your silence will not protect you, so you better moan as loud as you can tonight.
Girl, you won't be the baby factory tonight.
How bout we take this movement in the streets to a movement in the sheets.
How would you like to park your privilege at my place tonight?
I bet you look beautiful in plastic handcuffs.
I come in peace, but I mean business.
I don't know about you, but all my feelings have reached consensus.
I don't wanna stop protesting...but you're absolutely arresting
I hadn't experienced real privilege until I met you. 
I hope you don't find this too forward, but I'm a firm believer in direct action.
I see you're down with the Revolution, Liberation, and struggle. Here's my number for when you wanna cuddle.
I want to actively listen to your life story.
I’d invite you to my place, but I voicing my love in private.
I’ll show you my ironic protest sign if you’ll show me yours.
If you can’t be with the one you love, love the one you’re protesting with.
If you're asking for action, my answer is affirmative.
I'll stand in solidarity with you. Can I hold your hand too?
I'm a socialist in the streets but an anarchist in the sheets. 
I'm all for equality but there's one place I like to be on top.
I'm underrepresented. In your pants.
Is that a huge banner in your pocket, or are u just happy to see me?
Is that an uplifted picket sign, or are you just happy to see me?
Is there anything I can do to use my privilege to amplify your voice?
Let's erase these borders and negotiate a one-state solution. 
Let's Occupy the Night together.
Let's take this protest to my place.
Men shouldn't be making laws about women's bodies.
My activism is inclusive, especially of you.
My preferred gender pronouns happen to be 'us' and 'we'.
Nobody’s in charge of this thing, just like nobody’s in charge of our bodies, baby.
Not even the police can kill my love for you!
Nothing turns me on more than you being against the oppressive system.
Please end up this poverty in my heart and stand in solidarity by my side.
Race and gender aren't the only things about to get intersectional tonight!
Radical intimacies will sustain our movements.
Rose are red. Violets are Blue. Smashing the establishment makes me super attracted to you.
So do you want to make it official and co-author a paper together?
Somebody get me a human rights lawyer, 'cos being without you is cruel and unusual punishment.
Somebody get me a human rights lawyer, 'cos being without you is cruel and unusual punishment.
The only privilege I'm interested in is spending time with you 
The world is corrupt, it needs a cure, being with you, keeps my soul pure.
We've had a run-on discussion for 36 hours this week and I think you're really attractive.
When do negotiations begin?
Would you like to redistribute resources by taking me out to dinner?
You don't have to be nice to those who believe you don't have rights. And baby, you have every right to be in my bed tonight.
You had me at 'Hand Up Don't Shoot' 
You look so good, you'd stop traffic even if you weren't blockading.
You made a strategic strike straight to my heart.
You take my heart when you take the streets.
You're at the top of my progressive stack.
You're hotter than this issue that we are protesting.
Are you hiring? I really need a blowjob.
Are you looking for a job where you can work from home? My home.
Are you unemployed? Because I got a position for you in my heart.
Babe, are you looking for a hard worker? Because I could sure fill in your opening.
Babe, I have an opening in my heart for you.
Babe, you are looking for a hands on guy? Because I will work my ass off in you.
Babe, you are the only nightshift that I want.
Babe, you are the perfect job for me to fit in.
Babe, you should come work your ass for me.
Baby, I have all the time for you in the world. I am unemployed.
Did you just get laid off? It's ok, you can still get laid in my bed.
Do you have a few minutes for me to get personal with you?
Even if there are all these jobs available, you are the only one that I want to work on.
Girl, be with me and I will be the best unemployment insurance that you will ever have.
Girl, did you lose your job? I got a ton of unemployed pick up lines. But none of them work.
Girl, do you work remotely? In my bed.
Girl, I got a job for you to do. Me.
Girl, I got both skilled labor and skilled finger. Ready for the probation period.
Girl, I need help finding something, your phone number.
Girl, when can I start work that sweet body of yours?
Hey, do you mind if I interview you for a girlfriend position?
I have a job for you, but it blows!
I was unemployed before I met you, now my only job is to take care of you.
Looking for a job? I could help with that.
Want to come over for a job and sex?
What position are you looking for? Front or back?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years? I see you as my future wife.
Would you like to date a coworker? If the answer is yes you will be hired.
You so lovely, you make me wanna go out and get a job.
Am I too loud, perhaps you should shush me with your lips.
Archivist do it with gloves on, good that we aren't.
Are you a librarian? Because girl you point me to my wildest imagination.
Are you a librarian? Do you believe in open access policy?
Are you friends of the library? Great, because my name is The Library.
Are you on interlibrary loan? ‘Cause baby, you are outta this library!
Are you open to public?
Are you shelf Sexy? Because I've been searching for you everywhere.
Babe, forget about the time limit here, let's go back to my place and do it all night long.
Babe, meet me in the fantasy section and I will show you a whole new world.
Babe, my hard covers is going to make you last.
Baby, my life is an open book for you in this library.
Can I get your refence number so I could look you up and check you out?
Do you have overdue books? Because you have fine written all over you.
Do you want to reserve a study room? So we could study each other at the library.
Girl I am definitely checking you out.
Girl, how is that you are catalogued in multiple sections, sexy and hot.
Girl, it's the library, but we could still do it if you could be quiet.
Girl, my book worm game is strong for you.
Girl, you could check out my private library any time.
Have you heard about the secret garden in the library where people go make out?
Hey baby, can I put you on reserve?
I am the direct of Adult Services. How many I help you?
I bet I can find a place to fit you in my private library collection.
I don't care if there's a no food allowed policy at the library, because I just want to eat you up.
I don't need no library nor books to tell me what love is, until I met you.
I got the card to check you out, people call this credit card.
I see you like these books, wanna start a book club?
I want to impress a cute stranger with my book choice. What would you pick?
I'd like to insert my private collection into that empty stack of yours.
If I could arrange the library stacks, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.
If you were a book in the library, I'd never return you and just keep you in my room.
If you were a book, I'd need glasses, because you'd definitely be fine print.
Is that a hard cover, or are you just happy to see me?
Is this library burning books? Because you are simply sexy hot.
It's a shame pets aren't allowed in the library, because I'd love to see your pussy.
It's destiny that I have picked you out of thousands of books in this library.
It's not the size of the collection; it's how you use it.
Meet me in the stacks.
My reference desk or yours?
Only kids play doctors, let's play librarians.
People say you cannot judge a book by its cover, but girl you are top of the book.
So I see you like reading? Want to date a person who also likes to read?
There are things much better than reading books in this library, reading your heart and body.
What book would you recommend to help me sweep you off your feet?
What's your catalogue number baby?
You have put a hold in my heart.
Babe why don't you come home with me and rock my boards.
Babe you can go up and down this chute however you like.
Babe, no need to toss the dice, we could do it now.
Babe, seeing you naked is like going to Candyland.
Babe, want to try my board game? You be the board and I'll make all the moves.
Babe, you are the missing piece to my puzzle.
Babe, you so fine I am going to keep hitting with my battleship until I hit your spot.
Baby you so fine, I wanna lay you in a field.
Be my queen.
Cards against humanity? I want to start small with just my tongue against the most beautiful woman tonight.
Castle me and I'll crown you.
Cheers!
Did you just roll for a win? Because you stole my heart.
Do you feel like taking a Risk? Let's do it without protection tonight.
Do you feel lucky tonight?
Do you want to use Codenames? You can call me daddy.
Fancy for a game of Dixit. My dick, your pussy's it.
Girl are you a board game? Because I would play you all night long.
Girl I can do it anyways you like, horizontal or vertical. Much like connect four.
Girl you so fine I would love to add you to my collections.
Girl, I am ready for some private game for you anytime.
Girl, you got some award winning pieces.
Hey babe, do you want to kickstart a date with me?
Hey baby, I will Terraform your land if you let me come in.
Hey baby, I've got condoms for the night. We will win at Pandemic this time.
Hey girl, are you a battleship? Because I want to fire my torpedo into your citadel.
How about we go into the bedroom and play some Dominion.
I am gonna do you soft like a Jenga tower.
I can't help but notice your Great Western Tail.
I hope you like Diplomacy, because I am about to invade unexpectedly from the rear.
I see you have a ladder, but how does a snake fit in you?
I think I have seen you before, aren't you one of the 7 Wonders?
I was the seer and I saw you and me together tonight.
I'd like to play with your forbidden land.
I'll trade my dick for your pussy.
Instead of Exploding Kittens, let's explode your pussy.
Instead of playing the Game of Life, let's play the game of making life.
Is your name trivial? Because I am in pursuit of you.
It's your turn to move!
I've got a wood for your pair of sheep and wool.
Let me be your downfall.
Let's create civilization, one unit at a time tonight.
Let's get it on like Settlers of Catan.
Let's have some fun tonight, we might even end up using Plan B.
Let's play Family Feud, name something that turns you on.
Let's start Apples to Apples. My penis to your pussy?
Let's take this up to the next level.
Operations? How about I operate on that hot body of yours.
Ready for a round of twister? Naked.
So how much would it cost to own all of you in monopoly?
Sorry! It was just the tip.
Spend a night with me, you will scream Yahtzee without the dice.
That's what she said.
They should call the game wonders and put your picture on the box.
This board game isn't the only thing that I want to move my character all over.
This stud does not need instructions to know to have a good time.
To do everything I want with you, I need more than 5 seconds.
Uno, uno, uno. Oh yes.
Wanna see my little people?
Wanna see my little scythe?
Want to play Charades? Promise you won't guess until I finish the act.
Watch out, I might Surprise Slides inside you.
When it comes to me baby, you got a lifetime Ticket to Ride.
Why play pie face game, when you could experience me to your face.
Would you like to play a board game with me?
Ay girl, you must have tight Lego tube because I can't be detached from you.
Babe, that's not Lego bricks you are touching.
Babe, want some bricks?
Baby I don't know how it is possible, my made my bricks harder than before.
Baby lets try our Power Functions in bed!
Bricks, not dicks.
Check out how hard my stud is.
Do you collect minifigures? Want to trade heads and bodies?
Do you want to come upstairs and see my special attachments?
Does a 8x1 fit in a 2x1 gap? Let's see if that connection works.
Does my stud fit in your tube? The only way to tell is test it out.
Girl do you like Legos? Because I wanna build a world with you.
Girl, let us use our imagination to build a beautiful Lego world together.
Girl, want to test my brick inside your Miniland?
Girl, you are the limited edition box that I have been searching for all my life.
Girl, you look like a million blocks.
Have you been to Legoland?
Hey babe, if you still want that minifigure you're, it may just be in my pants.
Hey babe, wanna click together?
Hey girl your minifigure is missing a head, let me put mine in that body.
Honey you are my everything. And everything is Lego.
I feel like we really connect when we attach our studs and tubes.
I hope you like LEGO ,'cos I'm a stud.
I like Legos, you like Legos. Why don't we build a relationship?
I love LEGO, you like Legos, why not build together?
I promise it won't hurt if you sleep on me in the middle of the night.
I think we need a brick separator, because I cannot Lego.
I want you lying naked on my baseplate.
If you break my heart, it will hurt more than any Lego I've stepped on.
Im building something in my pants and its not Lego.
I'm pretty sure I can show you how to really stack Lego pieces.
Is that a Lego in your pocket or are you just happy to build me?
Is that a minifigure in your pocket or are you just pleased to see me?
It's time to lay more than brick tonight.
Just imagine you and I Lego together.
Let magic happen when my technic pin connect with your technic brick.
Lets be Lego Friends with benefits.
Let's you and I make an illegal connection.
My minifigure is missing a head, would you give me one?
Nice body, oh I am talking about your minifigures.
Nice parts, they'd look better in my collection.
Wanna a ride my Heartlake express?
Wanna come over to my place and play Legos?!
Want to build a one night Lego?
Want to see my rare limited edition Lego collection?
We are like Lego pieces, a little bit of you and a little bit of me and we will make baby Legos.
What can we build with Legos? Let's start with bedroom toys.
Why don't you and I come together like stacked, single studded Lego bricks.
Yo wanna see my maxifig?
You are the missing piece in my life Lego set.
You build here often?
You must be from Lego architecture, you're so incredibly well-build.
A flash light isn't the only thing I will be turning on tonight.
Are we camping? You just set my marshmallow on fire.
Are you a campfire, because you are hot and I want s'more.
Are you going camping with me or do I have to rope you into it?
Babe are you cold? Let me demonstrate friction fire by my wood with your bush.
Babe, let me light your inner fire with my good end of the stick.
Babe, whats good about camping is that no one can hear you moan in the wild.
Babe, you erect my tent without effort.
Baby it's cold outside, would you share body heat with me?
Baby, you roast and toast my marshmallows because you so hot.
Ever had sex while camping? It’s fucking In-Tents.
Forget about camping, time for some hotel action.
Girl let me put my tent stake in your forest ground.
Girl, let's start a musical masterpiece with our moans in the wilderness.
Girl, only you can blow out the forest fire in my pants.
Girl, stop causing forest fire in my pants.
Girl, you are the spark that light my fire.
Hey girl, you good at pitchin' my tent.
Hey girl, you in-tent to get loving in the tent.
Hold my hand if you're afraid of camp fire stories.
I don't usually ask girls camping, because it tents to get sexy.
I got bit by a snake, and I need you to suck out the poison. Don't stop until it cums.
I got the only wood we need to heat us up.
I'd love to share a sleeping bag and breakfast with you.
Is that a tent peg in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Quick you have early stage hypothermia, we need to get naked and cuddle in the sleeping bag to save your life.
Ready to have a fucking good time in no strings attached sleeping bags for one night?
We need wood, and I got the perfectly hard one in my pants.
With me with you, anywhere becomes the perfect Champ-site.
You are like a camp map. I am hopelessly lost without you!
You set my heart bonfire.
You, me, one sleeping bag, we know what's going to happen.
You're a perfect ten(t).
You're the batteries to my flashlight.
Are you a vending machine? Because I see you have all the right snacks I desire!
Are you a vending machine? Because your lips look like candies!
Are you a vending machine? You look soda-licious and I gotta get some.
Babe are you a vending machine? How far can my fist reach in?
Babe are you a vending machine? I keep on walking past and wanting a piece of you.
Come to me baby, don't be a snack stuck in a vending machine.
Coming! Coming! Damn girl you are about to suck on one tasty snack.
Did it hurt? You look like a damn fine cookie that fell from the vending machine.
Do you want the vending machine experience? I put my hard currency in, and out come tasty juices.
Feeling thirsty? Reach down this vending machine and see what surprises you will get.
Girl you are like a mystery vending machine, I will keep inserting till I hit that jackpot.
Girl, are you a vending machine? I will be gentle until we get what we both want.
Hey Babe, I know how to press the right buttons and won't reach down until the time is right.
I am a vending machine, shake it right girl and I will fulfill your wildest dreams.
I have all the D-imes you need.
I thought this was a vending machine because you look like a snack.
I would fondle and touch you all day to get the snack I want.
If you were a vending machine, and I’d ask you out and you’d say no, I would be soda pressed.
If you were a vending machine, what buttons do I need to get your numbers?
Is this a vending machine? You know how they always say: Insert Bill Here. And I happen to call my dick Little Bill.
Sex is like vending machine, insert the hard coins, hit the right keys, and we will get orgasmic goodies.
So, you like vending machine? How much money do I need to spend before I get some?
This vending machine is available to satisfy your hunger any time.
Did you call an Uber? Because I’m here to literally pick you up.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I drive by again?
Everyone’s private driver, let's keep things private.
Hello, this is your Uber driver.
Hey baby, wanna be my Uber backseat driver?
Hop in and relax. I'll let you know when it's time to get off.
How about we earn you a cleaning fee.
I am always prime time.
I am both Select and XL.
I am the best at long hauls, as long as you want.
I am Uber, and I am coming for you.
I am your power driver bonus.
I can make it 8x surge.
I know the Uber app says you want to go here but why go there when you can come back to my place?
I took my pills today, I am good for 2x boost.
I'm always prime time.
I'm uber excited to be driving you today.
It's destiny that Uber connect you with the people, places, and things you love. I am one of those people.
No matter where you want to go, my day belongs to you.
Pool and Line do not bother me; I can handle four at a time.
Ride me anytime, I am just a few taps away.
So you want a ride? Let's take it nice and slow.
This is your Uber, I am taking you home tonight, yours or mine?
You are very cute, I am going to where you are going tonight, as your Uber.
Your uber quest ends with me.
Are you into role playing? I be the Apple Pencil and You be the iPad.
Are you my new iPhone? Because I can't stop staring at you.
Are you ready for some quality FaceTime, in person?
Babe your boyfriend is like an iPod, time to upgrade to this new iPhone.
Babe, I would totally go down and FaceTime you.
Babe, let's connect and Airdrop some love.
Babe, let's sync and see the magic happens.
Being with you makes me feel like I am on iCloud.
Did it hurt when you fell from iCloud?
Did you just call me on my iphone? I felt something vibrating in my pocket.
Did you know iPad and iPhone have assistive touch? I will touch you to get you where you want to go.
Did you know my iphone is also a remote control? Lets go somewhere remote and you can have control.
Did you know you could setup your iphone to be a remote control? Time to go somewhere remote where you can have total control.
Girl are you an iphone? Because I could play with you all night.
Girl you are like a MacBook: smooth, sleek, and easy to carry around.
Girl you are so beautiful, apple Watch you the first moment you walked in.
Girl you are so hot, if you are an app, you would get banned from the store.
Girl, want to test my shake function? It'll totally put you in the mood.
Girl, you look so amazing in that dress, beats the retina display sharp and vibrant any day.
Girl, you’re more precious than the latest apple model on release day.
Girls do you have any Apple issues? This Genius can solve your problems.
Guys are like MacBooks, but this guy's a Pro who can really satisfy your needs.
Have you ever had iPhone sex?
Hey babe, iphone you now?
Hey baby, our iPhone's totally match. Let's take off their cover and check, and we should do the same.
Hey baby, this iPad's not the only thing that's 9.7 inches and magical, let's get to my pad.
Hi my name is Mac, once you go Mac, you never go back.
Hi there, have you tested out how to use your fingers to enlarge the pixel size?
How much does your iphone weigh? Enough to break the ice.
I am a Pro at getting things going with a girl's click wheel.
I am an app developer, care to show me your code.
I AM happy to see you, and this hardness in my pants is not just my iphone.
I am Siri-ously in love with you.
I can't wait to hook your apple products to my MacBook.
I have a feeling that I have destined to meet you, Apple map GPS rerouted me today for no reason.
I have everything apple, iPod, iPhone and the iPad. But missing you, iSad.
I need to call Heaven on my iphone because they lost one of their angels.
I think about you so much that I get a notification saying my storage is almost full.
I thought there's nothing as flawless as Apple products, and you have just proved me wrong.
I'd love to take a bite out of your sweet apple.
If you are trading up your iphone for a bigger size, maybe it's time to do so for your boyfriend as well.
If you show me your apps, I’ll show you mine.
If you were an iPhone, I would fondle and tap you all day!
I'll always take care of you, I am all the AppleCare you'll ever need.
Let's get the party started with our touch pads.
My fingers are like 3D touch, I could expand your pixel size and enhance your sensations.
My iphone display had been really dark, you have shown me a brighter future.
No more adobe flash me, just iMessage me the nudes.
This iPencil is not the only thing that I know how to use.
This iphone has all the latest features...except your number.
Time to get some sweet loving recharge, so you can stop going down on me like my iphone's battery.
Time to have some fun, Your iPad or mine?
Wanna come over to my pad for some pinch-to-zoom action?
Want a drink at the Genius Bar?
Want to listen to my hookup playlist on iTunes?
When you touch me, the connection between us is the lightning cable.
Who uses Microsoft anymore? We should have a Mac Party.
Why use an iphone case when it looks a lot sexier with nothing on, and you should do the same.
You and iphone totally belong together.
You are so beautiful, you do not need any iphone photo filters.
You got me more excited than an Apple geek at Apple Store.
You make me overheat because my app is poorly optimized for your beauty.
Your text vibration pattern is 'heartbeat' because every time you text me, mine skips a beat.
Knock Knock Who's there? Al! Al who? Al give you a kiss if you open this door! 
Knock Knock Who's there? Aldo! Aldo who? Aldo anything for you! 
Knock Knock Who's there? Anime! Anime who? Are you from Japan? Cause you got anime-zing body. 
Knock Knock Who's there? Baghdad! Baghdad who? Are you from Iraq? Cos I'd love to see you Baghdad ass up 
Knock knock Who's there? Bangkok! Bangkok who? Are you from the Thailand, cause tonight your going to BangKok. 
Knock Knock Who's there? Candice! Candice Who? Candice be love I'm feeling right now? 
Knock Knock Who's there? Cynthia! Cynthia who? Cynthia you been away, I missed you. 
Knock Knock Who's there? De Niro! De Niro who? De Niro I am to you, the more beautiful you get. 
Knock Knock Who's there? Dubai! Dubai who? I know your Muslim, but would you allow me Dubai you a drink? 
Knock Knock Who's there? Egg! Egg who? Eggcited to meet you. 
Knock Knock Who's there? Honey bee! Honey bee who? Honey bee a doll and give me dem digits. 
Knock Knock Who's there? Honeydew! Honeydew who? Honeydew you know how fine you look right now? 
Knock Knock Who's there? I love you! I love you who? Don't ask who, because it's you. 
Knock knock Who's there? I love! I love who? Awwww I love you to. 
Knock Knock Who's there? India! India who? What's it gonna take to get India pants. 
Knock Knock Who's there? Israel! Israel who? Do you wanna little Jewish in you, cause this dick Israel. 
Knock Knock Who's there? Juan! Juan who? The girl of your dreams, and your the Juan for me. 
Knock Knock Who's there? Juno! Juno who? Juno I love you right? 
Knock knock Who's there? Love! Love who? Love this dick. 
Knock knock Who's there? Needle! Needle who? Needle a little love right now. 
Knock Knock Who's there? Orange! Orange who? Orange you stunning. 
Knock Knock Who's there? Pauline! Pauline Who? I think I'm Pauline in love with you. 
Knock Knock! Who’s there? Aladdin! Aladdin who? A lad din the street wants a word with you!
Knock knock! Who’s there? Aretha. Aretha who? Aretha flowers for you.
Knock Knock! Who’s there? Boo. Boo who? No more tears, your love is here.
Knock knock! Who’s there? Cheese. Cheese who? Cheese a cute girl!
Knock Knock! Who’s there? I love you! I love you who? Don’t ask who, because it’s you.
Knock Knock! Who’s there? Ken. Ken who? Can I get some sweet loving?
Knock Knock! who’s there? marry. marry who? marry me.
Knock Knock! Who’s there? Mistletoe. Mistletoe who? How can I kiss you I’m outside!
Knock Knock! Who’s there? Will. Will who? Will be my Valentine?
Knock knock! Who's there? Al. Al who? Al give you a kiss if you open the door.
Knock knock! Who's there? Aldo. Aldo who? Aldo anything for you.
Knock knock! Who's there? Amanda. Amanda who? Amanda lay you, your lonely nights are over.
Knock knock! Who's there? Baby owl. Baby owl who? Baby owl see you later at my place.
Knock Knock! Who's there? Beautiful! Beautiful who? You!
Knock knock! Who's there? Bill Cosby. Bill Cosby who? Never mind, I'll come back when you're asleep, soon.
Knock Knock! Who's there? Butch, Jimmy and Joe. Butch, Jimmy, and Joe Who? Butch your arms around me, Jimmy a kiss, and let's Joe. 
Knock knock! Who's there? Butch. Butch who? Butch your arms around me and give me a hug.
Knock knock! Who's there? Candice. Candice who? Candice be love that I'm feeling?
Knock knock! Who's there? Dewey. Dewey who? Dewey have to use a condom?
Knock knock! Who's there? Grab! Grab who? Me!
Knock knock! Who's there? Honeydew. Honeydew who? Honeydew know who fine you're looking?
Knock knock! Who's there? Howie. Howie who? Howie gonna hide this affair from your husband?
Knock knock! Who's there? Ike. Ike who? Ike can rock your world, baby.
Knock knock! Who's there? Ima. Ima who? Ima horny, let's screw.
Knock knock! Who's there? Ivan. Ivan who? Ivan to do something naughty with you.
Knock knock! Who's there? Jamaican. Jamaican who? Jamaican me horny.
Knock knock! Who's there? Juno. Juno who? Juno I love you, don't you?
Knock knock! Who's there? Justin. Justin who? Justin time to give you a kiss.
Knock knock! Who's there? Mirra. Mirra who? Mirra mirra on the wall, you're the fairest of them all.
Knock knock! Who's there? Needle. Needle who? Needle little love right now.
Knock knock! Who's there? Radio! Radio who? Radio not, here I come!
Knock knock! Who's there? Tex. Tex who? Tex two to tango.
Knock knock! Who's there? Waldo. Waldo who? I have heard that you have been trying to find me.
Knock knock! Who's there? When where. When where who? Tonight, my place, me and you.
Knock knock! Who's there? Adore. Adore who? Adore is between us open it up
Knock! Knock! Who’s there? I love you! I love you who? You!
Knock! Knock! Who’s there? Snow. Snow who? Snow use. I am crazy about you.
Knock, knock Who's there? Obi-Wan. Obi-Wan who? You're the Obi-Wan for me!
Knock, Knock! Who’s there? Baker! I got some nice buns for you.
Knock, Knock! Who’s there? Canoe! Canoe who? Canoe give some loving?
Knock, Knock! Who’s there? Disguise! Disguise who? This guy is your boyfriend!
Knock, Knock! Who’s there? Doctor! Doctor who? Oh yes I am a doctor.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Howard. Howard who? Howard you like a big kiss?
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Kiss. Kiss who? ME!
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Mikey. Mikey who? Mikey doesn’t fit in the keyhole.
Knock, Knock! Who’s there? Olive. Olive who? Olive right next to you.
Knock, Knock! Who’s there? Pasta! Pasta La Vista Baby!
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Police. Police who? Police, it’s cold out here.
Knock, Knock! Who’s there? Waiter ! Waiter who ? Waiter I get my hands on you !
Knock, knock! Who's there? Dream. Dream Who? You having a sweet dream tonight.
Knock, Knock! Who's there? Oman. Oman who? Oman, you are cute!
Knock, knock. Who’s there? Algo. Algo who? Algo anywhere with you.
Knock, knock. Who’s there? Ben. Ben who? Ben over and kiss me!
Knock, knock. Who’s there? Johann. Johann who? Johann a beautiful smile!
Knock, Knock. Who’s there? Needle! Needle who? Needle a little love right now.
Knock, knock. Who’s there? Who’s there? Mayer. Mayer who? Mayer days be filled with laughter and love.
Are you a block because I want you to be mine.
Are you a crypto kitty? Cuz I’m feline a connection between us.
Are you a poorly setup mining rig? Because you are smoking hot!
Are you Bitcoin? I’m feeling totally bull about you.
Are you free tonight? I am down to forking.
Are you my bitcoin wallet? Because I could check you out 24/7.
Babe are you the one crypto in my dream? I am going all in.
Babe I am all time high for you.
Babe I can distribute my asset all over you.
Baby I know you’re the Wan.
Baby, I ain’t going for no pump and dump.
Baby, my bit is so good it'll take you back to the gold standard.
Baby, my proof of stake will surely satisfy your selection.
Baby, requesting permission to import my private keys into your hot wallet.
Baby, you are my crypto wallet because you have the private keys to my heart.
Crypto for your thoughts?
Call me Satoshi, cuz you’re my true vision.
Coinbase is not good enough, let's go third base.
Does a fire burn in your Litecoin when you see me?
Don't fall for other shitcoins, go for this smart contract.
Don't worry about me, I am SAFU.
Down to Mine?
Girl can I have your address to airdrop my tokens?
Girl I may not look like a jailbait, but I am surely a miner.
Girl you are so hot, I might have to put you in cold storage.
Girl, all blocks confirm my love for you.
Girl, check out my huge block size.
Girl, check out my Lambo.
Girl, I am not normal, I am a crypto whale.
Girl, I know how to use my leverage to please.
Girl, let's start our genesis block.
Girl: So what do you do? Guy: I trade millions of cryptos a day.
Here, this will help protect you against my inflation.
Hey baby, want to see something huge? Take a look at my Bitcoin wallet baby
Hey girl, you are precious because there is only a limited supply of you.
Hey girl, you are raising my hash rate.
I am a crypto in the sheets, as volatile as you want me to be.
I am mooning for you!
I am tether to your USD, because I could peg to you 100%.
I could hard fork as well as soft fork however you please, all you have to do is to split for me. And we could make copies of ourselves down the path.
I got the hash power.
I got very slow transaction times, we could hash all night long.
I hear you’ve got an impressive block folio.
I hope you like immutable ledgers, cuz you’ll never get rid of me.
I love you and I would love to put a ring signature on you.
I never paid for a date with Bitcoin, will you be the first one?
I wanna be your monero.
I will fork you hard and soft till you split in two.
I will never trade you for another crypto.
I’d hodl you through the good times and bad.
I'd mine your hashes.
If I had a Bitcoin for every time you came across my mind, I'd be a Whale.
If I take over 51% of your hash rate, could I take you home with me?
I'll let you mine with my rig any day.
I'll show you my private key if you show me yours.
I'm tired of solo mining babe. Lets pool!
Is that a Blockchain or are you pleased to see me?
It's all FOMO with you.
Let our rigs mine and we could chill.
Let's mix algos and create a hash of our own.
My love has zero amount of FUD with you.
My strong hands will carry you through any correction.
Nice blockchain, wanna fork?
No spoofing could fake my feelings for you.
Ready to encounter some peer to peer transactions?
Seeing you, let's just say my cryptos ain't going to be the only thing going parabolic.
Send Nodes.
Show me your tits and I'll give you some bits.
Smart, sexy and funny... Your hash validates.
Wanna decentralize the financial system by creating a distributed ledger system that ensures contracts are executed?
Want to check out my rig?
Want to scan my wallet, and see if you like me more?
You can have my private keys anytime.
You probably wonder why I got no shirt on, babe I am rich because I sold the top.
You think crypto is going down? Let me change your mind with my long position.
You trade crypto, I trade crypto, let's exchange and have futures together.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.'
I have been Googling all day, and I have finally found what I am searching for.
Are you google? I feel like I have known you all my life.
Google does not have all the answers, because it does not know how much I am into you.
I was using Google the other day, it failed. Because it did not have your number.
I never Googled this until I saw you, 'Hey Google, what is love?'
Sometimes I Google about love, but I do not have to anymore after I met you.
I Googled your name the other day. You are the only search listing for me.
You never have to Google again, because I got what you are searching for.
I Googled 'Who Is the Finest Lady in the Room', and you were the answer.
Google can return millions of results in under 1 second, and it took me a life time to find you.
Do you know Google ranks search results by link popularity? You rank as my number one because all my links point to you.
Be the Daisy to my Gatsby, Prom?
Because I'm the only girl with enough balls to ask... PROM?
Can you picture us at Homecoming?
Chill with me at Prom?
Come and get your groove on with me, baby!
Do you want to ROLL with me to Prom?
Don't make me go SOLO!
Hey Cu-Tea, will you go to the Prom with me?
Homecoming would 'SUCK' without you!
Homecoming? Yay or Neigh?
I can't 'bear' to go to prom without you!
I CHOOSE YOU!
I didn't have the balls to ask you in person. Will you go to prom with me?
I don't normally put all my eggs in one basket, but I wanna be your number one bunny, honey. Will you go to the Prom with me?
I don't really know how to dance, but wanna give it a shot?
I DONUT want to go with anyone else
I got so excited to ask you to Prom that I 'P' my pants... PROM?
I have a BIG question to ask you... POP the balloons to find out.
I know this is Cheesy, but will you go to Prom with me?
I think we make a PURRFECT couple! Sadies?
I want that angel to go with me to prom. Do you think she'll agree?
I would be SODA-lighted if you went to Sadie Hawkins Dance with me.
I'd be a Ding Dong if I didn't ask you to the dance!
I'd be one lucky nugget if you'd go to prom with me.
I'd KILL for you to go to prom with me. I think you would really DIG it. You could really SET me up if you said yes. I'm hoping thid volleyball will ACE the deal. PROM?
I'd love to kick it with you at prom.
I'd wheel-y like to go to homecoming with you. Would you take a spin with me?
I'm dying to go to prom with you!
I'm not putting my clothes back on until you go with me to Prom.
I'm not Shaun White, but will you go Canoeing with me?
I'm so glad you 'walked' into my life! Will you go to the Prom with me?
I've been MIONION to ask you to prom!
I've been practicing my moves for weeks. Care to help me test them out?
If I had a genie one of my 3 wishes would be that you were my princess Jasmine and you would go to Prom with me... I can show you the world. PROM?
It doesn't take a Pro Poker Player to know every KING needs his QUEEN. Will you go to the Prom with me?
It would be dispicable if you didn't go to prom with me.
It would be great if you went to PROM with me.
It would only make cents if you would go to formal with me.
It would really WARM my heart if you went to formal with me...
It would ROCK if you'd go to the dance with me!
LEGO to PROM?
Mickey needs Minnie. Tigger needs Pooh. I need to go to Homecoming with you!
No more monkey around. I'd go banana if you went to Prom with me.
Now that I've 'kissed' the ground you walk on, will you be my date to Prom?
Of all the fish in the sea, I choose you. Would you be my date to Prom?
Of all the fish in the sea, you are the one for me. Will you go to prom with me?
Out of all the fish in the sea, you are the one for me! Will you go to prom with me?
Prom would be SUPER. I just need a MAN.
Prom?
Roses are red. Donuts are the bomb. Do me a favor and come with me to 'PROM'
Roses are red. Violets are blue. You are my girl, And these flowers are for you.  You come home in May, And I think it would be bomb To share such a special day Will you go with me to Prom?
Screw this I know how to dance. You should go to the dance with me!
Sha-la-la-la-la-la don't be scared, you got the moves prepared, would you go to the Prom with me?
Since Aladdin already has his, will you be my princess for Prom?
Since we 'Can't-Elope' will you go to Homecoming with me?
So… I was wondering, would you like to dance with me?
Some people are worth taking to Sadies?
This is a little Corny. But you'd be a Peach if you go to Homecoming with me?
This may be a reach, but can I lead you on the PROM route?
Wanna tackle Homecoming with me?
Will you fly UP to Prom with me?
Will you round the base to HOMEcoming with me?
Will you swing into PROM with me?
Wood you go to Prom with me?
You light up my world like nobody else & with you as my date I'd be overwhelmed!
A very merry unbirthday to you!
And after the birthday dinner, my darling, shall we go back to my place so I can present thee with mine seed, in thine position of thy choosing, of course.
Are you a birthday balloon? Because your booties' popping.
Are you a birthday cake? Because you are so sweet.
Are you a birthday candle? Because I'd like to blow you until I get my wish.
Are you a birthday present? Because I want to unwrap you.
Beards can be red; A Blade can glow blue; There's only one precious; And that must be you. Happy birthday.
Birthday party might ended, but real party just begin.
Birthday sex?
Brace yourself; tonight might just become our best night. Happy Birthday, love.
Come to the bedroom with me. I have a special birthday cake with a special candle for you.
Do you want to know a dirty little secret? I am not wearing any underwear. Happy birthday, stud.
Don't forget to drop by my house tonight, there's something we got to do. Happy Birthday, darling. *Just so you know, I'll be alone and ready.
Don't wear any clothes today—I'll remove them anyway. Birthday wishes to you, sweetheart.
Feeling the warmth of your body next to mine is the way I want to sleep the rest of my life. My real birthday celebration with you will begin at night, Happy Birthday My Love!
For your birthday, I'm going to give you a real wildness and fun night.
Get ready to be wild with me later. Happy Bday sweety!.
Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional.
Happy Birthday baby. All you have to do is unwrap your present – ME.
Happy birthday sexy! Can I blow your candle?
Here is a magic lamp for your birthday.
How about we both skip your birthday dinner, so I can give you my special present.
How about we put the birthday cake on top of me and you can eat it off me?
How do you expect me to remember your birthday, when you never look any older?
I am sorry I am stuck in work all day, but I will make it up to you tonight. I think you know what I mean. Rest up; you are going to need all your energy for later.
I know your birthday is only once a year but you're so special it should be everyday.
I think you should try to hold me later on, or I might just lose control and lead you to a room full of hotness. Happy Birthday to the sexiest man alive.
I wanted to send you something sexy for your birthday, but the mailman made me get out of the mailbox.
I'll tell you my gift: I'll be your most obedient slave for this hot and sizzling night. Happy Birthday, sexy.
I'm all yours for this night. Know what I mean? Wait tonight for my special gift!
Is that a birthday hat in your pocket or are you happy to see me?
Its my birthday! How about a birthday kiss? (Is it really your birthday?) No.
Let's get nasty tonight, shall we? Happy Birthday, sweetheart.
Let's pretend that you are my boss. So here goes, Happy Birthday Boss! From your naughty secretary who is going to give a very special gift tonight.
Loving you every day and every night is the only thing I wish for. Get prepared for a couple of sleepless nights with me as your birthday gift! Happy Birthday Darling!
My birthday gift you will get at night, in your bed, which only you can see and feel and others can only imagine! Happy Bday sweety!
My birthday is on the 4th of July... I bet I can make you see fireworks.
My gift will be delayed for awhile. Just wait. It will just come on your doorstep…naked. Happy Birthday hot man.
Right after you came, everything just became hotter. Hmm…should we make your celebrated day even hotter? Birthday wishes to the hottest man/woman alive!
The surprise doesn't end after the party. When your friends have left, and the house has become silent, we'd go on with the wildest part of your birthday party — with just the two of us.
This night will be the naughtiest night we'll ever have. Let's enjoy, shall we? Happy Birthday sexy.
To my little pussy-cat, all the milk in the bowl won't suffice to tell you how much I want to purr you. Happy Bday sweety!
Tonight is going to be one of our best nights together…and I'm going to make sure you'll enjoy every bit of it. Birthday wishes, honey.
Wanna see my birthday suit?
Well I am here. What's your next two wishes?
What do you get when you mix beauty and hotness, and then combine the two with a sexy personality? Well, YOU. Happy birthday.
Why do you need a birthday dinner when you can just devour me?
Wild and hot. This will be your birthday, darling. Happy Birthday!
You are gorgeous! I bet you look even better in your birthday suit.
You are hot like the flames on birthday candles.
You are like a birthday candle. You light up my life.
You are my birthday wishes come true!
You haven't age a day.
You know the birthday hat is not the only thing that is pointy.
You're so beautiful that your birthday should be a national holiday.
You and I' sounds like the name of the next great wine. Are you game?
(To someone over fifty) I think a woman (a man) improves with age – like fine wine.
Can I get your opinion on this wine? I think it's a little dryer than most.
Do you like books? I heard Been Doon So Long is the perfect bedtime story.
Excuse me, but I just ordered a bottle of wine, and it turns out my friend can't make it after all. I'd hate for it to go to waste. Would you care to join me?
Hi. Can I get you a drink?
How about I make you breakfast and serve you a Champagne cocktail tomorrow morning in bed?
I bet you drink lots of wine because the antioxidants are obviously doing your body really good.
I can see you have a lot of grapes, how about a date?
I can tell a grape's ripe by the way it tastes.
I couldn’t help noticing you’re drinking the same wine as me. Are you trying to copy me?
I do not fancy wines, I prefer moans.
I love to make good wine bet I can make you whine good too.
I make a great steak dinner and have the perfect bottle set aside for just this occasion.
I promise, I'll last longer than a bottle of the finest Bordeaux.
I really like your carboys.
I studied in France and worked harvest in Italy, I've learned some of the secrets to making great wine and I'd love to share them with you.
I think I must have drank too much wine, because when you walked in, the room started to spin.
I think we could make beautiful wine together.
I was sent a bunch of bottles of ultra-expensive California Cabernets to review and I could sure use another palate! Want to come back to my place and help?
I'd abstain from wine for month for just one night with you.
I'm driving to Paso Robles next weekend to scout out land for planting a vineyard ... would you like to be my co-pilot?
I'm local, organic and biodynamic – wanna taste?
I'm new in town, where's the best place to taste some really good local wine?
I'm something of a garagistaI've been working on this Syrah, come barrel taste it and tell me what you think?
I've a bottle of Domaine Romanée Conti with your name all over it.
If I poured you a glass, I'd use my good stemware.
If I tasted you, I'd roll you around with my tongue for hours.
If I was going to name a bottle of wine, I'd name it after you.
If only I were that wine you are drinking, because then I would already be inside of you.
If you were a dessert, I'd drizzle Port and chocolate all over you.
If you were starring in a movie about wine, which character would you be?
Let's run away to New Zealand together. We can work harvest, travel the countryside and then stop in Figi on the way home to recharge
Like a fine bottle of wine, I'd like nothing more than to lay you sideways.
Love? No Thanks. I prefer wine.
May I put my bung in your barrel?
May I taste the wine from your lips?
Men are like a fine wine. They start out as grapes, and it's up to women to stomp the crap out of them until they turn into something acceptable to have dinner with.
People say I'm a barrel of fun.
Put down that Moscato d'Asti. You are sweet enough already.
Tell me you like GSMs? Let's head back to my place and I'll show you my version.
The best way to taste this wine is from my lips.
The gophers around here are quite clever and have found ingenious places to hide. Do you mind if I check for one in your tunnels?
The view of the full moon in my vineyard is magnificent ... would you like to come over with a few friends and see it?
The way you look at me is making me turn as red as that glass of wine, please don't stop.
This date is going so well, how about we drop everything and open a winery together. I've got the money, you've got the ideas and the connections, and we both have great taste in wine.
This wine is good, but I know just the food pairing that would take it to a whole nother level.
Try some of this Merlot (or Chablis, Chardonnay, Muscat Cannelli)
Weather like this makes me just want to sit around a fire and drink wine all day.
What are you doing this Fall? Because I would love to make you part of this season's harvest.
Whenever I think of finer things in life, I think of exotic cars, fine wine and you.
Would you like to do some wine tasting? I'll taste you first.
Would you like to go for a vineyard tour next month -- in Italy?
Would you like to help me bottle wine next weekend? I'll let you do the corking.
Would you like to plant a vineyard with me?
Would you like to see me peel a grape with my teeth and my tongue?
Wow! I thought my wine had nice legs!
You are like a bottle of fine wine. I want to take my time sipping and smelling you.
You had me at merlot.
You know, I wanna go inside your wine cabinet and pull myself out a stiff one.
You need a wine tasting partner? Because I ‘m something of a wine geek.
You should keep drinking. I have heard wine makes me sexy.
You're about as intoxicating as fortified wine.
You're eyes are as sparkling as this glass of Champagne.
You're so cute, I could just bottle you and drink you up.
You're so hot, you could make my wine mull with just one look.
You're spicier than Syrah.
Your lips are like wine and I want to get drunk.
(Just stare for 20 seconds) Wait, what’s your name again?
(Wait until it’s totally silent) Man, this song just makes me want to move.
Are you a 420 guy? Wanna come pick me up so we smoke and celebrate the day together?
Are you a chonger? You took my breath away.
Are you a drug? Because I marijuana take you home tonight.
As a part of balanced breakfast on 4/20, don't forgot to eat your weedies!
Baby you are sweeter than the brownies.
Did it hurt? When you fell out of the ethereal plane and landed on the material plane? I guess that wouldn’t hurt, really, but that must have been weird, right?
Do you smoke pot? Because weed look good together.
Excuse me ma'am are you a joint? Because you're smoking!
Hey baby, my friend and I are having a bake sale. Would you like to join us?
Hey baby! You're smoking!
Hey girl would you ever consider a 3 way - You, me, and Mary Jane?
Hey girl you look beat up. Wanna cuddle?
Hey ya wanna get high?
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy. But I got this joint, let's smoke this baby.
Hey! Let's make like a blunt and roll.
How about I teach you how to double blow a pipe?
I am so hammered I want to nail you to the wall.
I can be your buzz amplifier.
I don't even need a lighter... you are already on fire!
I got weed.
I have a huge kush on you
I look at you and it’s like ‘I’ve never quite heard it put that way before.’ But, like, just looking at you. You know?!
I saw from across the room and thought... I bet she needs a taco, too.
I think I can hear your heart beating. (Pause) Okay, that’s definitely my heart, but still.
I want to T-H-See you naked
I will let u hit this if I can tap that
I wish you were a joint, I'd roll you over & lick you up and down!
I'm a certified drug dealer.
I'm feeling a little off today. Will you turn me on?
I've got 2 boarding passes, lets catch a flight and see where we land.
I've got an 18-inch piece. Want to see?
I’m pretty sure you’re the most gorgeous girl I’ve ever seen. Have you ever thought about the word ‘gorgeous?’ Does it mean ‘like a gorge?’ Well, that’s not what i mean, but you’re REALLY pretty.
If you are looking for da shit, you can stop looking. I can get you elevated.
Is that a 9 inch joint in your pocket or are you happy to see me?
Is that a bond in your pocket or are you happy to see me?
Is your father a thief? Oh, because I was wondering who stole my sense of LINEAR TIME.
Isn’t it crazy how everything is happening all the time RIGHT NOW? Wait… Hey, I’m Scott.
It’s literally like there’s no one else in the room but you right now. Literally. Wait, is there anyone else in the room?
Let's celebrate 4/20 like it is new years.
Meet you at four-twenty.
My love 420 will not be the same without you.
My love for you burns stronger than a frizzle.
Need some lube for your cotton-mouth?
Pick up? Hit me up. 420!
So you're gonna have to blow me for those buds...
Wanna get weird after this?
Wanna help me smoke this joint?
Wanna hit this bowl ?
Want to get cough-ee with me?
Weed is four words I will never forget, other than your name.
What kind of grinder are you using? Because you are extra fine!
Why don't me and you go to your place and get stoned, maybe cuddle and make a little whoopie?
You are so adorable when you geek out.
You have me at cannabis.
You know what is better than best? Me.
You must be as dope as weed... Because right now you are all I need.
You wanna hit this?
You're on fire! Oh, no, that's just my blunt...
Are you from the ghetto? Because I'm about to ghetto hold of that ass.
Aww, girl, I'm gonna have to put you on my 'To Do' List!
AYE baby is that my name tattooed on your back
AYE girl lemme beat it like some cake mix
AYE girl lemme me put my direct in yo deposit!
Baby I can float your boat, now why don't you come over here and let me stick my dick down your throat
Baby you thicker than a novel, and I wanna read all yo pages
Come in the house and take off your coat, open your mouth and let me coat the back of that throat!
Damn you got a big A S S !!
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
Do you have baby momma/daddy syndrome? Because I can be the daddy/momma of your kids.
Do you like Pizza? because I want a pizza dat ass
Do you like to draw? (yeah why?) Because I put the D in Raw
Don't worry I'll look better after a few drinks
Dont worry about me baby. I'm gettin sum measurements. I'm about to lay some pipe
Girl you be the 6, I'll be the 9, that's only time you'll be less than a dime.
Girl you look so good, I wish I could plant a whole field of y'all!
Girl you're sweet as candy, can I taste you 'Now And Later'?
Girl, yuh look like a bottle a maple syrup....THICK.
Go out with me and I will pimp up your ride with some bling rims.
Hey baby, are you looking for affordable housing? Because I've got an opening on 'Boner Street.'
Hey baby, do you know how to drive? Because I would love to ride
Hey baby, I'd love to f**k the shit out of your fake weave
Hey Boo, I'd be your Ryde or Die chick in a heart beat.
Hey boo, I'd like to be a part of your next abortion.
Hey do you have an inhaler? Because you got that ass ma!
Hey excuse me...I know you pregnant but when you drop that one off...ID LOVE to put another one in you
Hey girl you got a father? Want a daddy?
Hey girl you lookin like a tall glass of water and I'm tellin ya I'm thirsty
Hey Shawty, do I stand a chance with you or shall I just move on to your fat friend?
Hey, are your parents beavers, because DAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.
Hi, i'm wasted but this condom in my pocket doesn't have to be.
Honey just by seeing you from behind I know you're a well-rounded person
I can do you before one can finish a Malt Liquor.
I claim you in the name of JESUS!
I dont care that you you used to be fat, just come here and let me eat that cat!
I got arrested the other day. [For what?] For having two guns and a six pack.
I got some suga for ya
I have good credit
I love you more than the bug infestation in the low income housing project.
I'm digging you like a shovel ma!
I'm Lil Wayne bitch
I'm lookin' for a girl like my mother. She knew her place. But in a good way.
I'm not Charmin, but I'd be all yours in that booty....
If fine was a felony you'd be on death row.
If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?
If I was in your 1st grade class I would have played house with you
If what matters is on the inside... How about I get on the inside?
If you were a car, I'd wax and ride you all over town
Is there a fire in here or are we just standing too close
Is this your real hair? Because I saw it on a mannequin in the hair store but it was real expensive!!!...so can I have your number?
Is your dad a drug dealer? Because you sure are dope!
Is your dad a thief? Because he stole all of the stars in the sky and put them in your eyes.
Is your heart available for layaway?
Just get in tha car, bitch... I'm famous
Lemme borrow that number girl
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal you're heart, and you'll steal mine.
Ok, I'm here. What are your other two wishes?
So what directory should I look for your heart's number?
That ass so fat, you could pull a brothas eyes out with the gravity?
That weave is out of this world.
The club ends at 2, I gotta go to work at 8 lets go back to your place so you can get that pussy ate
The only nigguh flya than you .. is yo reflection
There's somethin wrong wit your phone... my numbers not in it
Wanna play house? You can be the screen door, and I'll slam you all night.
Want to come over for some Malt Liquor and Kool-Aid?
Was your Dad a traffic cop? Because you got fine written all over you.
Watch your step girl....don't want you to fall in love with someone else.
Who yo hair dresser? Tell her I apologize for messing up her work
Why pay $5 when you can't get this footling for free
Yo girl, I heard your good at math... Because your legs are always divided.
You a good girl, you jus need a thug in ya life to treat you rite!
You are as beautiful as your mugshot photo.
You hungry? Ha I am..bust that p*ssy open for me
You know how some men buy really expensive cars to make youp for certain shortages? Well I don't even own a car
You know I live a Magnum Lifestyle
You know, you've got the prettiest teeth I've ever dreamed of coming across.
You look sexy in that a ripper slipper.
You look so exotic, you must be part Cherokee.
Your dad must have been a heat radiator, because you've melted my icy heart.
Your dad must have been a mechanic, because you've got a nicely tuned body.
Your so hot you must've started all of global warming
If I am a packet and you are a highlighter, the whole packet will be highlighted.
Wanna come over and go over my packet?
You know why they called me the 'decathletes'?
Are you a winning medal? Because I am hungry for you.
You are so hot that I can't wait to see at next study session.
Are you ACDEC? Because I will dedicate all my after school hours on you.
Are you free time? Because you are out of this world.
I <3 nerds>
Will you be the 9th member of our team?
Why go to prom when we can go national?!
I want to decathahug you.
How about some decathasex to help you relax?
Your gold medal looks great on you. Would you like a pearl necklace?
Dulce et Decorum Est pro Acadeca Mori
Are you my Acdec notes? Because I want to go over you over and over again.
Please tell me more about the math olympiad award.
You were a math world champion? That is so hot.
Are you a math olympiad problem? Because you got me harder than calculus.
Let's role play. I'll be Drew Walton, and you can pull out my gun.
Call me Harley Kim because I'm gonna get this all on camera.
Don't worry about all loss; I prefer it last longer than 3 hours.
Hey, that's some Rebuttal you have.
Hopefully my ballot won't be blue tonight and you'll give me straight tens.
I can show you some clear and convincing evidence that you won't be objecting tonight.
I'd like to invoke rule 615 and sequester you to my pants.
I'd like to lay your foundation.
I've got all 5 elements of libel. In my pants.
Is that a Beretta in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Let's bang the gavel all night long. :gavel:
No further questions, I'm finished.
Objection. Long, and growing.
Wanna come over tonight? We'll do it till you object.
You be Captain Vanunu and I'll let you frisk me all over.
You better stop that watch because this objection is going to last all night long.
You don't need to take the LSAT, I'll let you right in.
You must have learned a lot from mock trial, because I got off just by looking at you.
Excuse me, are you into reverse bifurcation?
Girl, I can sustain an objection for almost four hours.
Girl, you're testi-fine.
Hey baby, I’ll show you my opening statement but it’s up to you to close.
Hey boy, did you see the season finale of Suits? Well we can do a mock trial.
Hey boy, if I were on a jury I'd find you guilty of being criminally gorgeous.
How about coming back to my place for a little actus reus?
I don't know if I have standing, but I'd love to court you.
I hope you don’t object to this leading question, boy, but you want me, don’t you?
I love you beyond a reasonable doubt.
I need someone to look through these briefs.
I think I'd be liable for negligence if I neglected to come over and talk to you.
I'd have to plead insanity if I ever left you.
I've got a precedent that's long and deep.
I’ll teach you about jurisdiction, if we change the venue to my place.
I’m going to sue the pants off you.
If loving you is a crime, then I’m looking at a life sentence.
Is that a gavel in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Just be who you are, I'm not the one to judge.
Let's adjourn to the bedroom.
Let's just say boy, if you give me your instructions well, I can be a very vocal advocate.
Nice rebuttal.
Res ipsa loquitur', honey. Your hot body speaks for itself!
The prosecution can rest at my place tonight.
There is no burden of proof for how fine you are.
When I think of you, I become fully vested.
Why don't you take a look at my briefs?
You want to approach the bench and badger my witness?
You're so fine you make my whole courtroom out of order.
Your body is 'ultra vires', it's beyond my power to control myself around you.
You must have learned a lot from mock trial, because I got off just by looking at you.
Just call me exhibit A. You can enter me without objection
Your request to approach is denied. Ask me again and I'll object in front of the jury.
As to the issue of sufficient evidence, we'll discuss that tomorrow -- that is, if we still have a relationship tomorrow.
Fellow citizens, just a few minutes ago, I emerged from our debate and headed out to my car. I started to leave when Lane approached me, screaming. He ran at me, fists cocked, and I was afraid for my safety. Lane told me he had lost everything and he grabbed my gun. Fellow citizens, I hope none of you have to witness such an event.
I normally would say yes, but your prostate and testes are unremarkable. Plus your heart weighs only 360 grams.
I'm proud to say I once invested a great many resources in Ms. Walton.
I'm sorry, but thinking of you and me together makes me contemplate having a second scotch.
I'm thinking we oughta practice our openings tonight.
Just let me tell you there is a difference between security guards and forensic investigators like myself.
Some experts only look for a specific type of girl: lovely, brunette, and amazing. I used that strict standard to find you.
When two people are present, I don't like to be the one standing.
Your girlfriend looks hot from here, but do you think I could direct-examine her?
Call me Casey French, because I'll turn your engine on and wait till you blow twice.
I'll be your defense attorney, and find out all the ways to get you off.
If I may impeach by omission, I'll show you something you shouldn't leave out.
If I may invite the courts attention to my dick, you will see you should let this evidence in. Its substantially more probative than opposing council's point.
If you let me approach, I'll impeach you with a big contra-dick-tion
Its ok if you haven't handled one before, if it goes off too quick we'll just say it was an accident.
Lets role play. I'll be Drew Walton, You be Leslie Richards, and I'll tell you how to trigger a big reaction with just a little well placed stimulation.
Please? If you turn your back for 30 seconds, you wont even know if its me.
You must be a new scoring judge, because I want you to screw me
Are you a topic? Because I'd love to table you.
Can I moderate your caucus?
Can I put missiles in your country?
For a third-world country, you're pretty well-developed.
Hey, wanna merge?
How long is your conference?
I can Cam your Bodia.
I hope that gavel's not the only thing you're banging.
I motion to elongate the caucus.
I motion to have a ten-minute unmoderated caucus... in your pants.
I Motion to invade Djibouti with the aid of Greece.
I motion to table the Chair.
I'd like to motion you to the floor.
I'll Czech your republic.
I'm Hungary for Djibouti.
I'm your point of personal privilege.
If I were a gavel, I would bang you all night.
If you're as long as the speaker's list, meet me in the bathroom.
It's not about how big your gavel is, it's about how hard you bang it.
It's not about how big your placard is, it's about how long you can keep it up.
It's not the length of the caucus that counts... it's what you do with it.
Motion for a one-on-one unmoderated caucus.
My lips are weapons of mass destruction. Would you care to dismantle them?
You can lift my sanctions any day!
You're my point of personal inquiry.
Hey girl, I am glad we won the state which means I will be seeing a lot more of you at national and maybe you can study at my hotel room?
I dream about meeting you at the national.
I'm good at Air Trajectory and hitting the target.
Is that balsa wood in your pocket or are you happy to see me?
My balsa wood bridge is long and hard.
Oh, you do Science Olympiad? You must be really good at science.
Wanna come by to check out my Bottle Rocket?
You are going to prom Because your team lost states
I want to be Division U.
Can I demonstrate Geologic Mapping on your body?
I'm lovestruck like a dyslexic girl in a spelling bee
Girl, you are the cleverest bee I ever met.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
There is 21 letters in the alphabet right? Oh wait, I forgot u, r, a, q, t.
What is that sound? Wait, it is my heart buzzing for you.
Be my queen bee.
You are so sweet, can I taste your honey?
Q: What letter make honey? A: 'B'
After one night with me, you'll be going all Dambisa on me, screaming Moyo, Moyo, Moyo.
Are you a Measles Champion? Because you just eradicated all of my problems.
Are you a refugee? Because you must have fled from heaven.
Are you a volunteer? Because your existence gives me peace.
Are you an orphanage? Because I want to give you kids.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
Are you in Peace Corps? Because I love your patience and positive attitude.
Are you looking for a volunteer? Because I am the Right Person for the Right Job.
Are you taking malaria prophylaxis? Because you've been Doxycycline through my mind all night long.
Can I borrow a micro-kiss? I promise I'll give it right back with a lot of interest.
Damn, girl. If being sexy was a crime, you'd be taken to the ICC.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or would you like me to conduct an RCT with treatment and control groups?
Do you have a staph infection, or are you just blushing since I walked in the room?
Do you have any Cambodian/Kenyan/Haitian in you? Would you like some?
Do you have foreign aid? Because I just fell into a poverty trap.
Do you like piñata parties and getting caught in the rain?
Do you live in a corn field? Because I'm stalking you.
Do you work for the World Food Programme? Because you got me starving for your attention.
Don't worry, baby. The safe word is “Kony.”
From the bottom up and the top down, you got development in all the right places.
Give your hands to serve and your hearts to love.
Have you ever considered making a difference in other people's life? Well you already did to my life.
Hey baby, are you from the Red Cross? Because I've got some sexual health humanitarian needs.
Hey baby, come take a shower with me, so we can do some participatory M&E on our WASH practices.
Hey baby, I like my women like I like my anthropology. Thick and cultural.
Hey baby, I'm going to make you MDG #9 and give you 100%-access to my love.
Hey baby, you're hitting all the right indicators. It's time to take this to the field.
Hey, girl. I'm Mr. Human Right. Someone said you were looking for me?
How do you spell your name? I want to make sure I have it spelled correctly on the registration form.
I am a lifeguard and the Red Cross has certified me as a fully trained love machine. Would you like any lessons?
I am Type O-negative. Your perfect match.
I couldn't help but notice you at the shelter cluster meeting. Why don't you take refuge at my place tonight?
I don't need no Viagra to build my capacity. I've got you.
I Ecua-dor you!
I hear there's grant money out there for family planning. Let's do a joint scoping mission.
I hear you really enjoy apple juice and Graham Crackers! Maybe you can come to the grocery run with me and we can pick up some for you.
I heard as a Peace Corps volunteer you have to adjust to the many new and different situations. How about this one?
I hope you are CPR certified, because you just stopped my heart.
I hope you're not a monk because I'd love to go Tibet with you.
I know you must be injured after falling from heaven but you don't have to worry. I am First Aid certified.
I lost my phone number, could I have yours on this volunteer registration card?
I think about you at least 50 times per diem.
I thought robust started with an 'r'. Why does mine start with 'u'?
I volunteer as tribute to take you out on a date.
I volunteer to love you.
I'd be great in a hostage situation. There's a lot I can do with my hands tied behind my back.
I'd like to buy you some donuts, so we can see some real bottom-up development, if you know what I mean.
I'd love to have you on my volunteer team.
I'm a disaster and need UN assistance right now. I need U. Now.
I'm not looking to put a ring on it, baby. I'm all about the low overhead.
If your beauty is the canned food drive, there will be no hungry family in America.
If your beauty is the toy drive, all the kids in America will be happy.
Just like Bono, I want to push you closer and closer to The Edge.
LDC camp taught you impressive leadership skills, because you just led my heart to yours.
Let me be your logframe of love.
Let me get this mirror, so you can see yourself in our volunteer program?
Let me into your bed, and I'll be your Haiyan all night long.
Let's go back to my place so you can investigate my low hanging fruit (deliberately ambiguous if spoken by a man or woman).
My heart beeps for you!
My love for you is like diarrhea – I just can't hold it in.
My love for you is like the can vegetable – convenient and last for a long time.
My smoke alarm is not be working because you are on fire.
No time is better spent in the service of your fellow man.
Now that you are a new member I would like to give you the opportunity to get involved.
Oh come on, don't knock me back. That's hardly following inclusive best practices.
Scrubby Bear is no match for you, because your smile is infectious.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service to others.
The UN must be missing an M&E Officer, because you've been monitoring me all night.
There is no way you have experienced a power outage. Your beauty illuminates everything.
There's some serious flooding going on in the north of Thailand. I suggest we take shelter at my place and Bangkok.
This ain't no participatory process baby, you're coming home with me right now.
This first date has been pretty successful so far. Now let's bring it to scale.
UNAIDS, UNOCHA, UNHCR. There's something missing from all of this. UN me.
Volunteers are love in motion.
We gotta stop with the whole Easterly-Sachs thing, and get more like Rigby-Yeoh.
We must be a perfect match. You love to serve, and I love to be served...
We'd better call the disaster response team, because I think I just felt the earth shake beneath me.
What's your favourite position when you're out in the field? Reverse Consultant or Missionary? How about Emancipatory Style?
You don't need a reason to help people.
You don't need to worry about my sustainability. I can go all night.
You look a lot like my next volunteer.
You look like just the person to help me scale up what I've got going on down below.
You must be a hurricane, because you just swept me off my feet.
You must be a Red Cross volunteer because you just saved my life.
You must be tired, because you've been running around the field all day.
You must have received Red Cross lifeguarding training because I was drowning until you arrived.
You're so hot, I'm declaring you a crisis zone!
Your body is a wonderland that I'm gonna need security clearance to evaluate.
Your presence here is having a significant effect on me.
Are those real or were you upgraded in silicone valley?
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Because you are Cu-Te
Beep Beep Boop Beep Sex
Can I have your ip number? I seem to have lost mine.
Can you lube my joint.
Come with me and I'll insert my floppy into your disk drive.
Commencing explosive containment procedures, why? Because you are the bomb.
Damn girl, just because you have wi-fi doesn't mean you should connect with everyone who sends you a signal!
Did you just break one of Asimov's Three Laws? Because you've got 'fine' written all over you.
Do you believe in love at first optical recognition, or should I ambulate by your location again?
Do you got a free port for me to plug into?
Do you like it when I touch your PCI Slot?
Don't worry I just got turing tested.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy? Because I can see myself in them.
Hey baby, I am backward compatible, to service all your legacy needs.
Hey baby, my name's Vista, can I crash at your place tonight!
Hey baby, what's your OS?
I bet I can decrypt your code
I can't Force Quit You
I have no emotions but I’ll cuddle after.
I haven't gotten laid in 4 years, 3 months, and 12 days, plus-or-minus 2 days. Would you care to check my error bars?
I hope you have an accelerometer, because I'm gonna rock your world.
I may not be able to love, but I do it, like a sex machine baby.
I need you to load your floppy disk into my hard drive.
I support portrait and landscape modes.
I will show you my source code if you show me yours.
I'll deep-clean your systems!
I'll show you my source code if you show me yours
I'm a cybernetic orgasm. Living tissue over metal Bellend-oskeleton
I'm going to void your warranty!
I've got a case of WD-40 in the back, wanna get drunk?
I’ll deep clean your systems.
I’m fully functional and anatomically correct.
I’m fully functional….programmed in multiple techniques!
I’m the droid you’re looking for.
If I asked you to lower your Shields would you be offended?
If I forward your ports will you insect my packet?
If I were a function(), would you call me?
Is 2GB really your maximum RAM capacity? I heard otherwise...
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Is that a mirror in your anodized Titanium exterior plating? Because I can see myself in your service port.
It that a joystick you're holding or are you just happy to see me?
Let's lose ourselves in some mindless repetitive tasks.... if you know what I mean.
My docking station or yours?
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Nice bolts wanna screw?
roses are #FF0000 / violets are #0000FF / all my base / belong to you.
Rusting is red, and my chipset's blue. Will you let me assimilate you?
So, do you modulate your synthetic consciousness here often?
Sorry I can't stop looking at your chest, you must have a tractor beam in your blouse.
Talk coding to me.
Wanna be debugged?
Wanna touch my mouse?
Want to grab some Java?
Was that my CPU malfunctioning or did I just feel a spark between us?
Was your father a thief? Because he stole some titanium bolts and put them in your eyes.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
What’s your IP address? I’d sure love to ping you sometime.
When you flash your software, my floppy becomes a hard drive.
Why don’t you come explore this strange new world?
Would you like a demo of my multitouch capabilities?
Yes, I know you're metric- but I'm willing to convert.
You are making my floppy drive hard.
You are so hot you need to be water cooled.
You compile me.
You had me at Sign In.
You made my heart skip a clock cycle.
You make my interface GUI
You must be tired because you've been running your code through my CPU all night
Your lips say 0 but your eyes say 1
Baby, you and I are like Justin Bieber and glass doors, I can not move without falling in the first place for you!
Baby, you are like the song Somebody To Love … Because I just can not get you out of my head.
Baby, you won't ever want for nothing. You are my ends and my means now. With you there's no in between. I'm all in. Because my cards are on the table and I'm willing and I'm able. But I fold to your wish cause it's my command.
Christmas wasn't merry, 14th of February not one of them spent with you.
Don't be so cold, we could be fire.
Don't need these other pretty faces like I need you, and when you're mine, in the world there's gonna be one less lonely girl.
Don't shed a tear. Whenever you need me, I'll be here (I'll never let you go).
Eenie meenie miney mo. Catch a bad chick by her toe. If she holla let her go.
Everything about you girl is so contagious.
For you I'd be running a thousand miles, just to get to where you are.
Girl, come a bit closer. Look in my eyes. Searching is so wrong. I'm Mr. Right.
Girl, if you follow Justin Bieber on Twitter, DM my phone number and sing just need someone who loooove when you called !
Hello, am I wrong or is the song of Justin Bieber 'Baby' you?
Hello, I'm Justin Bieber, come home with me, we can do what we want, until we wake up @ Studiomama
Hey baby I'm Bustin Drew Jieber, and I'm just like a Peppermint Altoids, small, white and curiously strong .
Hey baby let's get together as Justin Bieber and # 1 record!
Hey beautiful, would do with me if I told you that I stole Justin Bieber chapstick in there
Hey, what's your name beautiful ? Kim and yours? Justin Bieber, now forgotten, because you'll be screaming later
I can be a gentleman (gentleman), anything you want/ If I was your boyfriend (boyfriend), I'd never let you go, never let you go.
I could be your Buzz Lightyear, fly across the globe.
I don't know your name, but I love your smile.
I don't need nothing else. I promise girl, I swear. I just need somebody to love.
I don't want nobody when I got your body
I got my favorite girl. Not feeling, no pain, no fear, don't have a care in the world. Why would I when you are here?
I will never say never! (I will fight)/ I will fight till forever! (make it right)/ Whenever you knock me down/ I will not stay on the ground
I wish we had another time. I wish we had another place. But everything we have is stuck in the moment. And there's nothing my heart can do to fight with time and space. Because I'm still stuck in the moment with you.
I’m a really claustrophobic person to begin with. I hate elevators, especially crammed elevators. Except if it is you and me.
I'd wait on you forever and a day, hand and foot, your world is my world.
If I could just die in your arms, I wouldn't mind.
If I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go, I can take you places you ain't never been before.
If you need me, I'll come running from a thousand miles away. When you smile I smile (oh whoa).
I'm just trying to be cool, cool, cool. What you expect me to do? I'm just trying to find, find, find- the sweet love of mine.
I'm not Justin Bieber, why do you say girl, I love you more than once .
I'm reaching out for you. Get me out here in the water and I… I'm overboard. And I need your love to pull me up. I can't swim on my own. It's too much. Feels like I'm drowning without your love. So throw yourself out to me, my lifesaver.
I'm related to Justin Bieber ? (Why?) Whenever you close to me my heart beats and want to scream !
I'm running out of time. Where is my runaway love? Searching low and high… Know that I'm not giving up. I'd give it all up for her. But it'll never be enough. I won't stop until I find my runaway love….
In my head, we're already together.
It's crazy to me, I even see you in my dreams.
It's like an angel came by and took me to heaven, because when I stare in your eyes it couldn't be better.
Let the music blast. We gonna do our dance. Bring the doubters on. They don't matter at all because this life's too long, and this love's too strong. So, baby, know for sure that I'll never let you go.
Let's play doctor, come with Bieber fever and I will give you a full examination of the body!
Let's play Justin Bieber Mall Tour, is a fierce group teens, and I'm a bit ‘ of white meat !
Lets play Tiger Beat Magazine, I will be a poster of @ justinbieber, and you can beat me against the wall and make out with me
Never say never!
Oh, for you I would have done whatever. And I just can't believe we ain't together. And I wanna play it cool, but I'm losing you. I'll buy you anything, I'll buy you any ring. And I'm in pieces, baby fix me. And just shake me 'til you wake me from this bad dream. I'm going down, down, down, down. And I just can't believe my first love won't be around.
Oh, I can't help it, I'm just selfish/ There's no way that I could share you/ That would break my heart to pieces/ Honestly the truth is…/ If I could just die in your arms/ I wouldn't mind.
Oh, it's supposed to be some give and take, I know. But you're only taking and not giving anymore. So what do I do? Because I still love you… And you're the only one who can save me.
Only if you give, give your first dance to me/ Girl, I promise I'll be gentle/ I know we gotta do it slowly/ If you give (give it), give the first dance to me (give it)/ I'm going cherish every moment/ because it only happens once, once in a lifetime
So crazy is this thing we call love. And now that we've got it, we just can't give up.
So don't fear. Don't you worry about a thing. I am here, by you (I'll never let you go).
Step to the beat of my heart/ I don't need a whole lot/ But for you I admit I/ I'd rather give you the world/ Or we can share mine/ I know I won't be the first one/ giving you all this attention/ Baby listen/ I just need somebody to love.
Take my hand. Let's just dance. Watch my feet. Follow me. Don't be scared, girl, I'm here. If you didn't know, this is love.
Tell me what you like yeah tell me what you don't/ I could be your Buzz Lightyear, fly across the globe.
There's a dream that I've been chasing. Want so badly for it to be reality. And when you hold my hand, and I understand that it's meant to be. Because, baby, when you're with me it's like an angel came by and took me to heaven. Because when I stare in your eyes it couldn't be better
They say that hate has been sent so let loose the talk of love. Before they outlaw the kiss, baby, give me one last hug.
Wanna Get Biebered?
We gonna party like it's 3012 tonight/ I wanna show you all the finer things in life/ So just forget about the world, be young tonight/ I'm coming for ya, I'm coming for ya.
We play celebrity dogs, Papillon Justin Bieber, you can be Kardashian Boxer and I will bury my bone in your backyard !
Why can't I find you love of mine when you're standing in front of my face? Oh I, I must be blind. How did I let you get away?
You are my love, you are my heart/ And we will never ever ever be apart/ Are we an item? Girl, quit playing/ We're just friends, what are you saying?
You know you love me, I know you care. Just shout whenever, and I'll be there. You are my love, you are my heart. And we will never, ever, ever be apart.
You shine just like the sun while the moon and the stars reflect your light.
Your lips, my biggest weakness. Shouldn't have let you know…
You're beautiful, you know it, I think it's time you show it.
You're imperfectly perfect.
Are you a property manager? Because you are checking me out.
Are you the leasing agent? Because I want to borrow you for a date tonight.
Are you the one who got locked out naked?
Before you move down the hall, I never knew what it was like to be able to look at someone and smile for no reason.
Can you take a look at my sink?
Do you live in apartment 68? You go down on me, and I will owe you one.
Do you want to come over and share a pizza?
Do you want to come over and watch porn on my mirror?
Do you want to go to the HOA meeting with me?
Does the hallway smell like chloroform to you?
Hello my sexy single neighbor.
Hey, did you just move in? I could give you some helpful insight.
Hi, I live across the hall from you. You sure look pretty through the peep hole.
I am like the bugs in the apartment. You can never get rid of me.
I know the best restaurant in town... my place.
I left my pants in your apartment, could we go get them?
I live in the apartment below you. Mind I install a skylight?
I love looking outside my window and watching you sunbathing on the side of community pool.
I love lying on the poolside and checking you out.
I love my apartment.
I love your door mat.
I might not be an elevator, but you can still go down my shaft.
I want to bang you on top of the washers in the laundry room.
I wish the wall between our apartments disappeared.
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I'm required by state law to introduce myself.
If love were an elevator, I'd ride you all day long.
Let me help you with your grocery.
My apartment is my theater, and my bedroom is my stage – Come play with me.
My apartment smells of rich mahogany, you should take off all your clothes.
My heart has full occupancy with you in my life.
The elevator isn't the only thing going up.
The laundry room is load of fun.
The mailman accidently places your letters in my mailbox.
What an beautiful dog you have just like its owner!
Where is the rent?
Would you like a private tour of my apartment?
You are like the dove outside my apartment window – free and special. Can I be your keeper?
You be my #1 tenant, and I’ll always respond to your requests and keep satisfaction high.
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy an apartment, and that's kind of the same thing.
you got a neighbor in me.
You must have many tenants… because you had no trouble attracting me.
You’re more than just a neighbor. You are the reason I walk my dog every morning at 6:30.
Your voice is angelic. I can hear you singing in the shower.
(Staring at her body) Sorry, I was just checking to see if you had any explosives or hazardous materials in there.
Are you a mail man? Because I want to chase you around a bite you like my dog.
Are you a package? Because I want to track you down and bring you home with me.
Are you a postage stamp? Let me lick ya before I stick ya.
Ask her if she likes overnight packages from interesting men.
Buy a pack of love stamps and say, 'Guess they customized these for us.'
Can I borrow a stamp? I want to write a letter to my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams.
Do you have a tracking number? Because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
Do you know if there's a post office nearby, because I'd ship us.
Do you want to go to the post office with me? We can stand in line and chat for hours.
Do you work for the post office? Because I could have sworn you were checking out my package.
Doesn't you live across from the elementary school? I'd be a mail man so I can stop by your house everyday.
Don't you love New York in the fall? It makes me want to buy school supplies. I would send you a bouquet of newly sharpened pencils if I knew your name and address. On the other hand, this not knowing has its charms.
Excuse me, could you please tell me where the Post Office is?
Gooding I have a tracking number, because I am lost without you.
Hey girl, can I rent you a PO box next to mine so we can be neighbors?
Hey girl, can I take a picture of you? I want to make a customized stamp of you, so everyone will know how beautiful you are.
How about schedule a free package pickup to avoid waiting in line at the post office and use the time have a drink with me?
I don't work at the post office... but I'll inspect your package.
I hope it rains everyday, so I can bring the package and mails to your front door and hand deliver.
I hope you have a big box, because I'm stuffing this oversized package in it.
I just want you to know: if we hit it off tonight, I still have plenty of time to cancel my mail-order bride.
I know exactly where you live.
I need to stop by the post office for a second to change my address to your heart.
I tried to send you something sexy last night but the mail man told me to get out of the mailbox.
I want to spend my time with you like how mailman delivers the mails – taking my sweet time.
I was going through your mails and thought maybe we could be together!
I'm available. My mail-order Russian bride was lost by UPS.
I’m just like the post office: Neither snow nor rain will keep me from getting to you.
If I told you I work for the post office, would you let me handle your package?
If you were my boyfriend, I’d always make you priority male.
Is that a tracking number? How about a phone number?
My feeling for you is like the forever stamps – permanent and never changing.
That's a nice uniform; I bet it would look even better in a pile on my bedroom floor.
The post office may be closed, but I'll still deliver my package
They call me the mailman, because I always deliver.
Wanna play post office? You be the stamp and I'll lick you.
We would go great together like envelope and letter.
You be the stamp and I will be the envelope – you can be on top of me tonight back at my place.
Am I too late for that whole mustache thing?
Are you a barber? Because your haircut is terrible and I just assume you tried to do it yourself.
Are you sure you're not Finn's hair? Because you are just golden!
Beards make you hotter. This is science.
Bushy beard; Cozy kiss.
Can I just run my fingers through your hair?
Comb on over baby
Did you just have a manicure? How about if I nailed you to the wall?
Do you come here often?
Do you know, your hair and my pillow are perfectly color coordinated.
Don't let my haircut mislead you. I'm a raging sex machine.
Ever heard of happy ending? Want one?
Great great looking hands and finger nails! They will look good on my body.
I am color blind, but I think your hair is red.
I don't mean to be forward but your hair style looks beautiful on you.
I give a killer massage.
I have a beard. And I am good at sex.
I have a beard. Now where would you like my wood?
I have a certificate to couple spa that expires tomorrow. I don't want to see it go waste. Will you go with me?
I just love the color of your pretty hair.
I like your hair, can I pull it from behind?
I love your nail color. It compliments your eyes/hairs/dress.
I really like your beard. Can I touch it with my vagina?
I saw your tweet about wanting a new mustang. How about a mustache ride instead?
I sure do like the way your hair smells.
I wanna floss with your pubic hair.
I'm staying at the [hotel]. I heard they have a great spa service.
If all women have flawless skin like yours, spa will go out of business!
If you think my haircut is well groomed, you should check out my ass.
Is it my hair, my nose, or my crooked smile? Or the 50 ml of animal pheromones I sprayed myself with?
Is that the smell of lavender oil in your hair?
Is this your real hair? Because I saw one just like it on a mannequin in the hair store but it was real expensive! So can I have your number?
Is your family in the pasta business? Because you got angel hair.
Mind if I comb over?
My love for you is like Rapunzel's hair, it just keeps growing and growing.
Pardon me miss, but I couldn't help noticing that you have beautiful hair.
Pick up lines? You mean beard.
Someday I will grow a mustache.
Touches my hair. Ouch! You just put me on fire!
Wanna watch my chest hair move in slow motion? Smooth as a devil.
What is the shade of nail polish called that you are wearing that looks so good?
What is this word 'Spa'? I feel like you are starting to say a word and you are not finishing it. Are you trying to say spaghetti? Are you taking me for a spaghetti day?
Whatever you do, don't ever cut that beautiful long hair of yours.
When she asks for a match say, 'How about the hair on my head and the hair between your legs?
Who wants a mustache ride?
Who your hair dresser? Tell her I apologize for messing up her work.
With a beautiful body like yours, surely you work out. Which health spa do you work out at?
You are a natural. You look great with any hair style.
You are perfect. Even your toe nails are splendid.
You are so fine I'd bite your toe nails and drink your bath water.
You drive me crazier than Telly the Barber.
You have such nice eyes/hair – SO exotic.
You have the most amazing hair in the bar!
You must have gotten the hair flip down to a science, because I'm totally head over heel.
You smell so delicious!
Your fingers have touched my soul
Your hair is like a flock of goats descending from Gilead.
Your hair looks so soft and silky. Can I run my fingers through it?
Your skin is radiant... I bet it will look even better after you have sex with me.
(Holding a dart) Do you have a minute? I need to practice hitting a moving target.
Are you a 7-10 split? Because I'd love to pick you up.
Are you a bowler? Because you're right up my alley!
Are you a bowling ball? Because I want to pick you up and stick my fingers in your holes.
Are you a bullseye? Because you are perfect.
Are you a pinsetter? Because you just swept me off my feet.
Baby, you're so hot, you're like oil at the end of a tournament – burning up.
Can I borrow the chalk/triangle ball rack?
Come on, don’t SPARE my feelings!
Could i borrow one of your bowling bowls you have stuffed in your back pocket
Do you like to play pool? (Yeah, why?) Cause I have the balls if you got the rack!
Don't judge me by these ugly bowling shoes...I actually have a beautiful custom truck
Don't worry about spare-ing my feelings, but how would you feel about a date?
Don’t be such a turkey.
Excuse me, miss. I just wanted to strike up a conversation.
Fancy going bowling, it will give you a chance to pin me.
Forgive my forwardness. My mind's been in the gutter all night long.
Hey handsome. I like a man who isn't afraid to use both hands.
Hey there, you're right up my alley. Let's bowl.
Hey! Feel my bowling shirt, know what it's made of? Boyfriend/girlfriend material!
How about we split from this crowd and roll on out of here?
How about you move on over to my lane?
I hate ringing 10s. What's your number, so I can ring you instead?
I live by one motto: Strikes in the streets, splits in the sheets.
I love the way you handle that big stick.
I think it's time we ditched these gutter balls and got out of here, what do you say?
I was so bowled over by your beauty, i just had to let you know - even if I end up striking out.
I'd sure like to pin you down.
I'll bet you can’t beat a man at this game. Wanna bet? (Let the girl win and buy her a drink)
I'm not good with scores, but you're in my cut for sure.
If you were a bowling score, you'd be 300 because you're perfect
If you were a Storm ball, you'd be the one I'd pick.
If you were a Storm bowling ball, your scent would be Fineapple
Is your name Strike? 'Cause you're a perfect 10.
Let's jump up on the pool table and show your boobs.
Let's make like pins and split.
Let's talk turkey: When I look at you, my thoughts are all XXX.
Let’s never split!
Lets play pool, we can use my cue and balls.
My lanes are freshly waxed, if you know what I mean.
Nice bowling shoes, wanna fuck?
Nice rack.
Oh, you like my High 5 jersey? You know what it's made of? Boyfriend/Girlfriend material.
They say bowling is 90 percent mental. I guess I'll have to quit then, because my mind is 100 percent on you.
They say bowling is a numbers game, so can I have your number?
Wanna bet I can hit the bullseye on the dartboard? If I lose, I will buy you a drink. If I win, will you come home with me tonight?
We could have a ball.
We'll have to see if you strike out.
What can I say, you bowl me over.
Wow I must be good at darts because I hit a bullseye with you
You can pin me any day.
You got some balls, lady. Do you have a number too?
You know what else has three holes?
You must have a lot of axis rotation – because you have me spinning.
You really know how to hit those balls.
You've got a good grip on that ball. I'd like to see how you handle two.
You've got a great rack there.
You’re a real strike?
All those clothes would look great on my floor. Well, after the dry cycle.
Are those space pants? Because you're outta this world.
Are you a bad load of laundry? You make my pants feel two sizes too small.
Can I help you do your laundry?
Can I help you fold those sheets?
Can you help me? How much detergent do I need to put in with these clothes?
Can you tell me how much bleach to put in with my good suit?
Do you have a mirror in your pocket? Because I can see myself in your pants!
Does this thong smell clean to you?
Excuse me, does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
Here, let me help you put your clothes in the dryer.
Hi, I think you are new here, and I wanna be the first male to bother you.
I could really use a good fluffing.
I know a great way to get the wrinkles out of those sheets.
I'll bet that you're naked under or on top all those clothes
I'm too flexy for my shirt… too flexy for my shirt… too flexy…
I’m wrinkle-free, pre-shrunk and low-sudsing.
Is that a roll of quarters in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is your tank top felt? [No] Would you like it to be?
Know why I wash in hot water? With you around, it's not like anything's going to be shrinking.
Let's make like a laundry cycle. I'll be Dirty, you'll get wet, we'll spin around, tumble dry, and snuggle
Let’s front-load.
Looking for someone to clean your lint catcher?
Looking for your Rinse Charming?
Me without you is like a washer without dryer.
My mother has that same bra!
Nice dryer sheets. Can I sleep with you tonight?
Operating on permanent press tonight?
Pick a number between 1 and 10. (Guess) Sorry you lost, you'll have to take off all your clothes.
Snuggle?
So many dryers, so little time.
Someday my rinse will come
Sorry, but you owe me a quarter. ['Why?'] Because when I looked at you, I dropped clean laundry.
Spin here often?
That's a lot of laundry. Does this mean you're not wearing any underwear?
That's a nice shirt. can I talk you out of it?
That's a stain on my bra top, isn't obvious? (pointing to the breast)
The water’s not the only thing here that’s hard.
Tide waits for no man.
Wanna go for a spin?
Well, now that my underwear is clean, time to dirty it again.
Where's the tag that says 'made in heaven'? (Check back of her shirt)
Would you like to go grab a bite or drink while we are waiting on our clothes?
You should probably leave. You're making the other girls look bad.
You smell lemony fresh.
You’re a beautiful woman and that’s not just the bleach fumes talking.
Your stained sheets tell me you're someone worth getting to know.
Ain't no rodeo clown that can keep me off you, baby.
Ain't nothing in the whole wide world like a Southern Girl.
And especially for the m/m lovers:
Apart from sexy, what do you do for a living?
Are you a cowgirl? Because I can see you riding me.
Are you a good cuddler? I might let you join my gang.
Are you and your friend interested in a little team roping?
Are you from Tennessee? Because baby, you're the only 10 I see.
City boys got pickup lines. Country boys got pickup trucks.
Country boys don't need pick-up lines, cause they've got pick-up trucks.
Country girl gets work done and ain't afraid to get her hands dirty.
Country girls do it with their boots on!
Cowboy up!
Do you believe in love at first sight? You want I should walk by again?
Don't flatter yourself cowboy. I was staring at your truck.
Get ready, little lady. Hell is coming to breakfast
Girl, I want to foal-fill your needs. 
Got 8 seconds? Wanna watch me unload my six shooter?
Got any Texan in you? Want some?
Got eight seconds?
Happy trails to you, till we meet again.
Here's my card, call if you need a buck.
Here's my number, call me when you need a few bucks.
Hey girl, watch this.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy, but your truck is sexy. Can I ride maybe?
Honey, I need a belt buckle this large to keep from gettin' arrested in Mississippi.
Honey, that's a nice set of legs. What time do they open?
How about me and you go play dress up, I'll be the cowboy and you can be my horse, that way I get to ride you all day!
How'd you like to put a pinch of me between your cheek and gum?
Howdy, need a ride?
I ain't ever seen a country boy with tires on his truck this high.
I am cooking out so if you want some juicy sausage come on over.
I believe one of my ribs belongs to you.
I bet your father was a good farmer, because you one fine hoe. 
I can give you the wildest rodeo ride... in bed.
I don't need a knight in shining armor. A sweet boy in old blue jeans will do just fine.
I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, I want to be in control of it.
I hope you've good balance, because you'll be riding bareback all night. 
I just got back from fishin'. Wanna see my rod?
I just shot a man for smiling at me. Wanna get hitched and steamboat away?
I must say guys with tattoos and boots make me bite my lip and want to do dirty things!
I want to hog tie you and make you squel like a calf.
I was just helping that sheep over a fence...
I won this belt buckle.
I'll be in Intensive Care later. Why don't you drop by?
I'll fall for you like a blind roofer.
I'm a tan legged Juliet. Will you be my redneck Romeo?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would bang you in the barn.
If I said you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
If yer gunna regret this in the mornin, we kin sleep til afternoon. 
Is that a pelvis broken in three places, or are you just happy to see me?
Is there a mirror in yer pants? Because I can see myself in em.
Me and You. Country music, cowboy boots, and pickup trucks.
Nice boots, wanna fuck?
No need to be alarmed ma'am. That's not a pistol in my pocket.
No, it can't be bought it's something you're born with. That's what country is.
Oh, baby, that's not a pistol. I'm damn happy to see you.
Oh, baby, when I'm around you I can't think straight.
Romantic comedies and cuddling? No, thanks. I'd rather ride in your truck and have sex.
Ropes, spurs, leather, gloves; even if I weren't a cowboy, yet talking about a good time.
Roses are red. Mud is brown. Country music up. Tailgate down.
Run if ya want, Missy, but I'll have you hog-tied quicker than you can say 'stay away from me you Skoal-chewin'freak.'
Save a horse. Ride a cowboy.
That's right, Girl. I'd like to have a stable relationship with you. 
That's right, I said 'AND the horse you rode in on.'
The difference between me and Django....This D ain't silent. (Django Unchained)
The Sheriff wants to arrest me. Can I hide in your house?
Them calves of yours could use some ropin'.
Them calves of yours sure look like they could use a bit of ropin'.
Wanna go to your place and break some furniture?
Wanna put a pinch of me between your cheek and gum?
Wanna see my scars?
Wanna watch me unload my six shooter?
Want to ride on my Monster truck?
What has 142 teeth and holds back the wildest ride ever? (motions to zipper fly)
You and your friend interested in some team roping?
You can ride me so hard. They'll have to take me out back and shoot me.
You know how they say everything's bigger in Texas? Want proof?
You know what they say about a cowboy with a large belt buckle.
You know, when I said 'Howdy Cowgirl,' I didn't think it would work.
You look good in that lumberjack shirt but I would like to see you out of it.
You lost, ma'am? Heaven's a ways away from here.
You raise a lot of chickens, girl, because you're damn good at raising cock.
You sure make me wish I hadn't crapped my pants when that bull charged.
You're finer than a frog hair split four ways.
You're hotter than a tin roof in August.
You're hotter than asphalt on a summer day.
You're under arrest! (For what?) For stealing my heart.
Your daddy must be an outlaw, because you are such a bad girl.
(ask them to play a game of Marco Polo) Them: Marco. You: I'm yours!
Am I a piece of lump charcoal baby? Because my wood is sure hard
Are you going to the BBQ (What BBQ?) My meat in your grill
Are you into salads? Because I think I’m falling in lovage.
Baby if youre worried about flare up, just try putting some Vaseline on it....Vaseline always gets the job done
Baby, you remind me of my spice cabinet, because you got a fine grind going on.
BBQ Pickup Lines followed Brogan Flanagan, Clinton Reeder, Harley Todorovich and 7 others
Damn girl! Was your dad a grill master? Because you are sizzling!
Deep inside of me, there’s a fire that burns for you, in a small National Parks barbecue pit.
Do you like BBQs, because I'm gonna slap my meat across your grill
First one to get hit in the head with a whiffle ball gets to be my boyfriend.
Girl u look so fine, i could possibly put u in a bowl and maybe make u a part of a complete meal
Guy: Are you ketchup? Girl: No, Why? Guy: Because I'm mustard, we should get together on a wiener.
Have you got a permit for my HEARRRRT? Yes, yes you do.
Heaven must be missing an ambrosia salad.
Hey gurl... You smell like barbecue sauce... And I like barbecue sauce
I can bench-press an entire picnic.
I can last longer than cast iron.
I don’t know how to French kiss, but I do have Dijon. (point to barbecue apron)
I heard potatoes mate for life.
I know we just met, but will you marinade me?
I know you’ve got a lot on your paper plate right now, but could we ketchup alone sometime?
I think I have a pickle slicer in my bedroom.
I'll show you my black iron pipe
I've got a fire in my pants and you're the only one who can put it out.
I’d like to see you s’more.
I’m a locavore… I got all I need right in front of me.
I’m wearing SPF50+, which means you’re the only light in my life.
Just call me the D-livery man
Let's have a party and invite your pants to come on down.
Love cheeseburgers? Because I'm a Kraft Single.
More like salad undressing.
My heart is like a lump of charcoal for you
Pies aren’t the new cupcakes, baby. You are.
Stand too close to the fire, and you’ll smell like pork chops tomorrow.
Staring at you is better than looking at food porn.
Well lay me on a plank and infuse me with the lusty smell of cedar.
When we've got the puck, they can't score.
Will you let me be the cheese in your hamburger?
Yea I've got a 15 foot hose with a flared tip
You know what they say: When tongs rub up against eggplant slices, sparks will fly.
You make me feel like sauteed onions. In a good way.
You must be my backyard, because I really dig you.
You put a steak right. through. my. heart.
You say 'tomato,' I say 'let's get married.'
You seem like someone worth losing my eyebrows over.
You’re looking so sweet, you’ve got my eyes glazed over like bbq sauce.
You’re my missing ingredient.
You’re spicier than a grill jalapeno.
Your name must be Jelly... because jam don't shake like that.
Can I see your tan lines?
Can you call a lifeguard? Because I'm drowning in your eyes...
Come take a ride on my 'Slip and slide'.
Dayyum put your shirt back on because your so hot i think im gonna have to put on my sunglasses
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I float by again?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Do you have water wings? Because I think heaven is missing an angel who can't swim very well.
Do you like fireworks? [Yes.] Well here they come. [Put your arms up and ready to go around shoulder.]
Do you like roller coasters? Because I can not only rock your world, but I can send you on a ride you will never forget.
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
Don't save me just yet. Let me go down a few times.
Hello wanna see my pet snake, I won two years in a row for best performance.
Hello, cowboy! How about kicking up you heels with me, at the outdoor concert?
Hello. Would you like to be in the sword-swallowing act?
Hey baby, I want to ride you like a roller coaster. Just try not to puke.
Hey baby! It doesn't take a ticket to let you ride me.
Hey baby!!! Let's see if you can knock me in the water. It's harder than the pudding wrestling.
Hey look, fireworks! (makes firework sounds and makes explosion motion with hands, putting arm around girl)
Hey sugar pie, I would love to buy you a fennel cake.
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here is my number. [Theme Park of your choice], maybe?
Hey, you wanna ride the big slide?
Hi. Would you like to try the 'Whack-a-Mole'?
How about trying the thrill ride in my pants?
I can't swim! Can I hold on to your floaties?
I couldn't help but notice you lost your bikini top on that waterslide, give me your number and I'll let you have it back.
I dare you to go on that roller coaster with me!
I don’t want to brag, cutie, but my line of bull is way longer than his!
I got an amusement park in my pants.
I hope you got flood insurance cause you're about to get wet
I hope you know CPR, because you are taking my breath away.
I hope you like fireworks cause I want to end this night with a bang.
I know I'm not supposed to put you on a pedestal, so will you please come down off the high-dive tower?
I know you should wait 30 minutes after eating before swimming, but how long do I have to wait after feasting on your contemporary good looks before I can ask you out?
I own the best roller coaster in the world wanna ride it?
I perform best when I'm wet.
I really like your suit.
I see you already have the buns.
I think I've found the blue-ribbon melons!
I want to eat you like a redneck eating an elephant ear at the county fair.
I wish I'd brought my towel, can I share yours?
I wish you were a carousel at Wal-Mart so I could ride you all day long for just a quarter!!
I'll show you a ride with no wait time.
I'm a theme park, ride me before the sun sets.
I’d like to put a set of horns like those there on yore husband, pretty nanny!
I’ll be glad to clean off your sweet lips real quick-like, you puddin’ face doll! (Fair's ladies pudding consumption contest)
If I could rename this place Id call it (date's name) studios because you are my universe
Ignore the ray bans. There is nothing shade-y about me.
Ignore the RayBans—there’s nothing shady about me, sunshine.
Is your name summer? Because you are hot!
Life is a roller coaster. You can either scream every time you hit a bump or you can throw your hands up in the air and enjoy it.
Miss? Would you like to try an Italian sausage?
Nice life preservers.
Nicest melons at the fair, honey! Sweet and succulent-looking, ya’ know?
Put on some SPF 30+, so I can get to irradiating you.
Save a horse, ride a cowboy! (mechanical bull)
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Wanna go over and watch the funnies buck?
Wanna hold my corn dog?
Want to see Goofy's playhouse?
Want to share a locker?
Were you born at an amusement park? Because after being with you I feel dizzy, then sick, then excited, then hungry for funnel cake, then I want to do it all over again.
What's a nice girl like you doing on a sandbar like this?
Why don't you and me go back to my John Deere Green Ford Truck and share a moon pie whilst we watch the fireworks.
Would you like to go on a ride with me?
Wow! Did you grow those yourself?
You had me at 'Let's go to Disneyland'.
You have to be this tall to ride this ride.
You make my heart slip 'n slide.
You remind me of a roller coaster, every time I think about riding you I get sick... love sick
You, me, amusement park?
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car; but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
A professor is someone who talks in someone else's sleep.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. And you are the girl of my dream.
At commencement you wear your square-shaped mortarboards. My hope is that from time to time you will let your minds be bold, and wear sombreros.
Can I add you on LinkedIn?
Colleges are like old-age homes, except for the fact that more people die in colleges.
Congratulations on getting through the easiest part of life.
Damn girl, you are the finest girl in class of ______.
Do you Magna Cum Laude here often?
Do you want to come over and we can do some job search together?
Don't say yes yet, I've got a whole speech planned.
Education is a progressive discovery of your own ignorance.
Education is what remains when one has forgotten everything he learned in school.
EVERYTHING you do is with honors.
For a quick and relaxing study break, I suggest screwing me in the stacks.
Girl, you're a 4.0.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Graduation celebrate school is done look out world here I come.
Graduation is a tough day for parents. They go to the ceremony as parents. They go home as contemporaries. After twenty-two years, they are unemployed.
Have you ever visited the deserted shelves in the main library? Want to?
Hey, boy, let me get your number — you haven’t shown up to our group-project meetings in weeks.
Hey, boy, let’s kiss … our perfect GPAs goodbye after that Chemistry final.
Hey, girl, I’d like to take you out … of library because you’re making too much noise.
Hey, girl, let’s exchange emails — I need you on my Google Doc.
High School is a lot like toilet paper, you only miss it when its gone.
I can't wait to fall out of touch with everyone I've met in college except for you.
I found a stick in the bush!
I graduated Magna Cum...
I graduated. So, now I'm like smart and stuff.
I have been in love with you every day since day one in school.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my sex life.
I may be graduating with a 2.4 GPA, but I got a 4.0 in treading the ladies riiiiight.
I may not have made valedictorian, but today could still be a valedictory if you go out with me.
I think sleeping was my problem in school. If school had started at 4:00 in the afternoon, I'd be a college graduate today.
I tripped on the walk to receive my diploma and fell in love with you.
I want to see you outside English — you take the best notes in the whole class.
I went commando to my graduation.
I'd like to thank my parents for getting me here, and the boy in the second row with the floppy hair for getting me home.
I'm graduating today! How about a graduation kiss? [Are you really graduating today?] No, but how about a kiss anyway?
I’m cap and you are gown, we just fit together.
If I look tired, it's because I've been studying you all night long.
If my exams were as easy as having sex with you, I'd be getting 100% scores on all my papers.
If someone was to write a story about my life, the climax would be our graduation when you agree to go out with me.
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
If you ever need a compliment or a kidney call me.
If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age.
In the first place God made idiots, that was for practice, then he made school boards.
Is that a diploma in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
It was only when I finished the course and left my graduation diploma on the bus that I realized I'd become an actor.
Just graduated. It is time for graduation sex.
Let's commemorate our own personal academic achievements.
Let’s play professor and student — you practice giving me a C, and I’ll practice crying at your office hours.
Let’s sleep together … on the couches in Bechtel so that we don’t have to leave the library.
May your finals be as easy as you are.
My school was so tough the school newspaper had an obituary section.
Nice to finally meet all of you.
One thing about the school of experience is that it will repeat the lesson if you flunk the first time.
The advantage of a classical education is that it enables you to despise the wealth that it prevents you from achieving..
The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future.
The fact that no one understands you doesn't make you an artist...
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
There is a good reason they call these ceremonies 'commencement exercises'. Graduation is not the end, it's the beginning – of our relationship.
They call me 'The Dean.' And I just put you on my list.
Wanna help me earn some extracurricular activity points?
Wanna pull an all-nighter with me?
Wanna see what's under this cap and gown?
Want to have sex during the graduation ceremony?
We would go great together like cap and gown.
Well, I've already met your parents. Should we just get married?
Yes, the lectures are optional. Graduation is also optional.
You cannot get to the top by sitting on your bottom.
You have as many curves as the Biology 1A final … which I still failed.
You know what they say about the deserted shelves in Main Stacks — they’re terrific for productivity.
Your cap and gown would look great on my bedroom floor!
Your eyes are as sparkly as the graduation firework.
Apply me to your sensitive area.
Are you a pharmacist? Because I am a patient and I heard you are patient lovers.
Are you an Advil. Cause I'd like to take you every 2-4 hours.
Are you lost Ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Babe, do you do more than lick and stick?
Babe, I got quick reconstitution time.
Babe, is your middle name Desyrel? because you gave me a priapism.
Babe, you are the only brand I desire and I want no substitution.
Baby I'm like Efavirenz. Go out with me and let me take your nightmares away.
Baby, I will Medicare for you all night.
Baby, there ain't no placebo for what I can give you.
Do you do it over the counter?
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have an inhaler? You took my breath away.
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
Even Pepcid AC can't stop my heart's burning for you.
Excuse me, I think you dropped something: My jaw.
Girl you must be norepinephrine, because you make my heart race!
Girl you must be Sotalol, because you prolong my QT interval
Girl you're so expensive my insurance is requiring a prior authorization before our first date.
Girl, I am Rx rated.
Hey baby, you are like a SSRI antipsychotic. It only makes sense when you are with me.
Hey baby, you are like Mannitol always pleasant taste and cool.
Hey girl, I heard you are the pharmacist. Here is my new methadone prescription. See you everyday for the rest of our lives.
Hey, I'm like acetaminophen I'll make sure all your pains go away when we're together.
How about Pen G and Plan B?
I am a pharmacists, I do it without breaks and I go all day long.
I am the drug of your dreams, I got long duration of action.
I don't always get C2 prescriptions, but when I do, I get ten at a time.
I got your suppository right here, baby.
I have all sorts of protection
I have sugar free methadone because I’m sweet enough
I must have a low creatinine clearance, because I can't seem to get you out of my mind.
I think I can stop my risedronate from now on because you have significantly increased my bone strength.
I think you are suffering from a lack of Vitamin Me.
I want to take you over the counter.
If eye contact occurs, strip down and rinse off immediately.
I'm a certified drug dealer.
I'm feeling a little off today. Will you turn me on?
I'm your Plan A... we'll worry Plan B later.
Is it me or is there an interaction between us?
Is that a Zoladex in your pocket or are you just pleased to see me?
Is that a Zpak in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is your name flecainide? Because u just made my heart skip a beat.
Let's spice up your love life, do you accept third parties?
Must be taken orally.
My love for you burns stronger than my urinary tract infection.
My love for you is like diarrhea. I can't hold it in.
No that's not an epi-pen in my pants, I'm just happy to see you.
Put your white coat on, you’ve pulled…
Ready to find new routes of administration?
So you're gonna have to blow me for those pills...
Take twice-daily or as desired.
Would you prefer something to suck on?
Yes, we carry placebos, but you will need a fake prescription.
You breathe oxygen? We have so much in common.
You look familiar. Did we have class together? I could have sworn we had chemistry.
You make my dopamine levels all silly.
You must be a Class III, because you got my heart racing.
You need to add me to methadone register, because I’m addicted to you.
Your calves must be aching. Because you've been back-marching through my mind all day.
Your prescription for one large, um, suppository is ready for pickup.
You're so pharma-cute-ical!
Are your feet tired? Because you’ve been shambling and lurching through my mind all day. (Zombie)
As a matter of fact, I *am* Edward James Olmos. (Zombie)
Baby you put the 'ass' in asteroid colliding with the earth and releasing enough dust to block out the sun for generations.'
Baby, your skin is as soft as Kleenex. And as thin, papery and prone to ripping.
Being part of The Resistance does not mean saying “NO” to me. (John Connor)
Can I put missiles in your country?
Come with me if you want to come with me.
Did a nuke just go off in my pants? Because it looks like there's a big mushroom cloud forming down there.
Did it hurt when you fell from Heaven? Or when you landed on that sharp stick? You should probably take that out, you know. (Zombie)
Didn’t I see you on Facebook before all this happened? It’s funny that we would meet here like this. It must be fate. (John Connor)
Didn’t you say “If I was the last man on earth”? Looks like we’re getting pretty close. (John Connor)
Do you come here to pillage often?
Do you have a little zombie in you?...Would you like to?
Don't believe the rumors you heard about me . . . the Bubonic plague didn't affect the important parts.
Don't worry. If there's another quake, I'm something sturdy you can hide under. (Earthquake)
Even if it is the end of the world, there's still time to fix my dance moves. Can you help?
Girl you are so fine! I wouldn’t even care if you were a Terminator. You could kill me with those sexy red eyes. (John Connor)
Hey baby, can I buy you a drink or potable water?
Hey baby, I'm gonna leave you like the population of earth after the meteor hits, screaming, bleeding, and on fire.
Hey baby, that biohazard suit looks good on you but it'd look better on the floor of my bomb shelter.
Hey Baby, that self-contained re-hydrating anti-radiation suit looks great on you, but it would look even better on the floor of my bunker
hey girl, it's the end of the end of the world wanna help my pole shift?
Hey girl, where's the fire? Other than that one over there.
Hey sexy. What's shakin'? (Earthquake)
Hey, the world ends tonight, you don't have to worry about my herpes!
Hopefully the world doesn't end today because I think you might just be my reason to live.
How about going out with a guy who doesn't have the plague for a change?
How about you and I go out with a bang?
How did someone as rapturously gorgeous as you not get raptured?
I am literally the last man alive. Have sex with me. Please.
I couldn't imagine spending my last hours on earth with anyone other than you.
I don’t know about an earthquake, but I’d sure like to make your plates shift. (Earthquake)
I have needs that cannibalism just can’t satisfy. (Zombie)
I just couldn't leave the earth without talking to you.
I know you're worried about all of this end of the world business, you better stay with me tonight just in case.
I like my women like I like my tequila… cold and stiff. And, of course, that whole worm thing. (Zombie)
I love a girl with brains, but not in the zombie way.
I love you for your braaaaaaaaains! (Zombie)
I love you more than non-perishable food items.
I promise to love, honor and cherish you until the end of the time.
I'd bang you like a screen door during that tsunami.
I'm even more afraid of losing you than I am of what we're going to have to do when the food rations run out.
I'm pretty scared that the end of the world is coming, especially since I haven't even gotten your number yet.
I’d give my right arm for a date with you. Here you go! (Zombie)
If I had a cell phone, or any fingers, I would ask you for your number. (Zombie)
If I said you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me and then let me eat it? (Zombie)
If it is the end of the world, I'm glad I met you first.
If my lungs still worked, you would totally take my breath away! (Zombie)
If the world ends tonight, can I be in your end?
If there are no more dates in the Mayan calendar, can it really be date rape?
If we are forced into cannibalism, the first thing I am going to bite is your booty.
If you don’t go out with me, I’ll tell the machines where you are hiding. Just kidding…………….maybe. (John Connor)
Is it hot in here or is it just you? The polar ice caps have melted, so it's probably the former, but I just thought I'd ask.
Is that a mutation or are you happy to see me?
Is that a radiation-induced tumor growing out of your inner thigh or are you just happy to see me?
Is that another earthquake? Quick! Duck and get under my covers! (Earthquake)
It's the end of the world, and you're drinking that? Let me get you something better.
It’s a good thing I’m a zombie, because you are drop-dead gorgeous! (Zombie)
Its the end of the world, will you be Mayan?
Last chance to jump up on the bar and show your boobs. It's not like it's going to show up on YouTube.
Let's make some aftershocks of our own. (Earthquake)
Most guys would say see you later, but the chances of me seeing you again are very slim so let’s get married. (John Connor)
Nice ribs! (Zombie)
No need to evacuate, baby, I'm built rock solid. (Earthquake)
Oh yea baby- black plague, leprosy, or scarlet fever- honey, I've got the cure for you.
Prove that I'm not a zombie? Well, your brain is pretty much the only part of you I'm not interested in.
Since this may be our last day on earth, I'm feeling generous. Can I buy you a drink?
so its about to end....wanna go out with a bang?
Somebody said something about a 5.9, but baby, you’re a 10. (Earthquake)
The earthquake was in Virginia today, but it could be in your bedroom tonight. (Earthquake)
The storm is going to cause serious flooding, ever done it underwater?
There's a hurricane coming. Evacuate your pants.
They say cockroaches are the only things that can survive a nuclear blast. So... wouldn't you feel a little safer if you had the first half of that word in you?
They say nice guys finish last. With most of our population gone, it’s about a nine person race. What do I get for finishing fourth? (John Connor)
They say survival sex is the best kind. Want to find out? (Earthquake)
This may sound like a pick up line, but you might die without me. Literally! (John Connor)
This weekend let's do to our bodies what Godzilla does to Tokyo.
Thou hast hit on me harder than the black plague!
Too bad we didn't build a bomb shelter inside this bomb shelter, because I'm about to explode.
Trust me, you will NOT regret it in the morning.
Want to come play on my fault line? (Earthquake)
We owe it to our loved ones to re-populate the earth. Think about our future before you say no. (John Connor)
Well, okay. It’s rigor mortis. But I’m still happy to see you! (Zombie)
What has 148 teeth and holds back Godzilla? My zipper!
What is a nice corpse like you doing in a place like this?
When I'm with you, I feel like we're the only two people in the world, and not just because we pretty much are.
When you are gone, I miss you more than the ozone layer.
Would you like to go back to my place? Grab a shovel! (Zombie)
You are so beautiful it makes me even dizzier than the radiation poisoning.
You are so funny you almost make me forget. Almost.
You are so hot you will serve as a legitimate source of heat once the impending ice age arrives.
You are the prettiest girl I’ve seen in a long time. Seriously, I haven’t seen another person in months. (John Connor)
You didn't feel the earthquake today? That's OK, let's go home and I'll shake you all night long. (Earthquake)
You don't have to worry about getting pregnant.
You have a beautiful eyepatch.
You hit on me harder than the black plague!
You know, I could very well be the last dude on earth. Just sayin’.
You look like (insert sexy superhero...Captain America/Thor and Wonder Woman/Catwoman/Storm would be my first choices), shouldn't you be out saving the world?
You make me feel even safer than my machete.
You must be an earthquake because I'm trembling. (Earthquake)
You should definitely have a proper meal before the end of the world, you wanna get outta here?
You wanna really feel the earth move? (Earthquake)
You’ve stolen my heart. No, seriously. Can I have it back? (Zombie)
Your corpse jelly really butters my bread
Your smile glows brighter than a river of radioactive waste.
[Pick up a flower and walk over to girl.] I was just showing this flower how beautiful you are.
Are you as loud as your chickens?
By the way, my Roses aren't the only things with long stems.
Can I interest you in some of my compost?
Can I strum my banjo and sing you to sleep?
Didn’t I blow you earlier in the day, or was that a radiant leaf pile at sunrise? (Leaf Blower)
Do these plums feel ripe to you?
Do you like men who take grooming seriously? (Leaf Blower)
Do you live on a chicken farm? 'Cause you sure know how to raise a cock.
Do you prefer Merlot or Cabernet? Because I think we should start making our own wine.
Does it frighten you that I control the winds, like a god? (Leaf Blower)
Excuse me, is this pine cone bothering you? Do you need me to blow it straight to hell? (Leaf Blower)
For half off, would you be willing to honeysuckle the help?
Hello there, luscious ladies down at the end of the fence dressed in orange and green. It's me, over here, in the bright blue hat.
Here, let me blow that eyelash out of your eye, at point blank range. (Leaf Blower)
How about I wear these Carhartt's and we plant seeds together?
How about we head back to my place and see if we can’t void this leaf blower’s warranty? (Leaf Blower)
How big does your squash grow?
I bet we would brew good beer together.
I can only imagine what’s underneath that bee suit.
I can remove a woman’s bra with a shredder vac. Just sayin’. (Leaf Blower)
I don’t need to give you my number. Just follow the noise pollution. (Leaf Blower)
I have a four-stroke engine. What’s your blowing capacity? (Leaf Blower)
I have access to an entire shed full of landscaping gizmos. Have you ever seen a telescoping garden hoe? (Leaf Blower)
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are!
I know this might sound cheesy, but I love everything artisan about you.
I know what you’re thinking, and no, I don’t wear this during sex, but I do leave it idling in the corner, for the carbon monoxide buzz. (Leaf Blower)
I love making pickles, do you?
I want to be inside your lady garden gnomesaying?
I want to LEED certify you!
I wear this leaf blower so I can blow you 270 mph kisses. (Leaf Blower)
I wish I could harvest you at peak season.
I'm sexy and I gnome it
I’d like to make you my backyard bounty.
I’d like to raise your barn.
I’d love to preserve this moment.
I’ll trade you a juicy cantaloupe for some of your cucumbers.
I’ve never seen a Standard so big. Impressive.
If I had a garden, I'd put your two lips and my two lips together.
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.
If you had eleven roses and you looked in the mirror; then you'd see twelve of the most beautiful things in the world.
If you were a berry, I would bottle you up as jam and enjoy you all winter long.
If you were a flower you'd be a damnnndelion.
If you were a flower, I would pick you.
If you were a pea, I would gladly shell you on the back porch.
Is this farm table sturdy enough for me to throw you down on?
Is your name Daisy cause I wanna plant you right here?
Let me show you my magic garden
Life is a garden, dig it
Most flowers are bisexual, and I see you came here with a friend.
My cast-iron skillet could really use some love. Can you help?
My other leaf blower is a hovercraft. (Leaf Blower)
No one installs a fence post quite like you.
Now don't be shy, my delicate dainties. Say, do you come here often?
Our love could be like heirloom vegetable strong.
Pollinating those petals them with my piston will cost an additional fee.
Roses are red. Lilies are white. We’d make a great couple, You know that I’m right.
Roses are red, bananas are yellow, wanna go out with a nice little fellow?
Roses or Daisies?
See me? I poked my head through the fence to check out the street scene, then I spotted you dancing in the breeze. I can't take my eyes off of you.
So roosters are also called cocks? That’s funny.
So what CAN you feed your chickens and better yet, what can you hand feed me?
So, licking your lotus is out of the question, ha?
Speaking of raised beds…
Sure, it’s bad for the environment, but what’s the point of saving the planet if we’re apart? (Leaf Blower)
That honey is thick and runny on your fingers. Mmmmm…
That white linen summer dress you sewed yourself would look great on my floor.
There’s a leaf in your hair. Let me destroy it. (Leaf Blower)
These hearing protection muffs remind me of my time in the studio with Aerosmith. (Leaf Blower)
These mason jars fit perfectly in my hand. I bet you would too.
They call me a mother plucker in bed.
This compost soil is so dark and rich… like I like my men.
This morning I saw a flower and I thought it was the most beautiful thing i have ever seen; until I met you..
Those wood shavings look so soft and comfortable, like a bed.
To me, a bouquet is just a metaphor for group sex.
Want to help me germinate my seeds?
Want to make pies together?
What do you say to a little foraging in the woods?
What do you say we get out of here and free range somewhere green?
What would it take to get invited into your inner iris?
What? You have a boyfriend? I certainly hope he isn’t engulfed by a dust cloud. (Leaf Blower)
What’s your ideal harvest season?
When giving her a dozen roses, 11 real and 1 fake, say I will love you until the last rose dies.
When I’m canning with you, this urban blight just fades away.
Where can I order a pretty face?
Why drive when you could ride on my handlebars to the farmer’s market?
With great power comes great responsibility. That is why I choose not to Marilyn Monroe your skirt. I’m a gentleman. (Leaf Blower)
Work it. Work that twigless sidewalk. (Leaf Blower)
Would you like to be served warm home baked bread with hand churned butter in the morning?
You don’t look so baaaad standing there with all those goats.
You just made me as red as a beet!
You look beautiful on the leafless lawn that I created using power tools. (Leaf Blower)
You smell as good as a bundle of lavender tied with twine.
You sure do know how to handle your chicken coop wire.
You would be the perfect fruit of my labor.
You're rosebush or mine?
You’re like a sweet honeybee stinging my heart.
Your broccoli heads are so big!
Your eggs are so big.
Your heirloom tomatoes are the juiciest I have ever tasted.
Your name must be Daisy, because I have the incredible urge to plant you right here!
Your organic garden or mine?
(Staring at boxes of cereal) I treat all boxes with respect.
A pretty lady wasn't on my shopping list but I can be spontaneous.
Ain't nothing sticky about those buns – they look nice and smooth.
Are those melons fresh?
Are we in the laxatives aisle? 'Cause the thought of hooking up with you is running though my mind like crazy.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
Baby, have you been eating your Campbell's soup? Because you are looking Mmm, Mmm good!
Baby, you better get out of that express lane, 'cause you're all that *and* a bag of chips.
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's out of business. And, speaking of Hershey's, how about a kiss?
Can I be your next varietal?
Can I help you carry your groceries to the car?
Can I help you?
Can I wear your plaid flannel when I make you breakfast tomorrow morning?
Clean up in Aisle BVD!
Did you ever notice that supermarket music is actually ideal for slow dancing with strangers?
Did you know that kale is not an aphrodisiac?
Do you know if they sell organic Oreos?
Do you know which aisle the edible underwear is in? Oh wait, wrong store!
Do you like free samples?
Do you like hot chocolate? I like hot chicks.
Do you need helping seeding your flower garden for next season?
Do you prefer organic or local? Because I’m both.
Does your Dad own Snapple, because you're made of the best stuff on earth.
Don’t you just love stone fruit?
Egg whites are for pussies. A real man doesn't criticize an egg for it's fatty parts, he loves an egg just the way it is.
Funny meat-ing you here.
Give me your address and I'll help you put your groceries away.
Got milk? You look like you would.
Have you ever frolicked in the fields of [name of your favorite farm]?
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds? Would you like to?
How about a little roll in the Bakery Department?
How can you tell if these things are ripe? (At produce section)
How do you know when an avocado is ripe?
How do you like your organic, free range eggs?
How early do you rise?
How long does it take for your bread to rise?
How much of this caviar do you think I can get into the trunk of my Ferrari?
I actually prefer that life give me lemons so that I can make a pretty lady like you some lemonade on a hot Summer's day.
I always like to keep my place stocked with coffee and breakfast food in case I don't wake up alone.
I avoid the candy aisle because I'm sweet enough on my own.
I believe a woman should eat as much chocolate as she pleases.
I buy chicken breast but I don't stare at it for too long because I respect what a chicken has to say.
I buy garbage bags because I always take out the garbage.
I couldn’t help but notice that you’ve got 3 bags of Cool Ranch Doritos in your basket. Marry me?
I don't believe in lean pork. I like a lady with meat on her bones.
I don't care *how* many items you've got, baby, I could check you out all day long!
I don't chew gum. I'd prefer to nibble on your ear while whispering sweet nothings into it.
I don't own a cat. I'm buying this cat food because I rescue a kitten from a tree at least once a week.
I don't work at this store, but may I be of assistance to you anyway?
I forgot my reusable bag, can I borrow one of yours?
I had a great time tonight. Would you like to plan the second date?
I hate oranges. Will you be my main squeeze?
I have been staring at you from all angles around the store but now that we're here in the checkout line I feel like it's appropriate.
I hear lavender makes underwear drawers smell nice, does it?
I hear spices like cayenne can act as an aphrodisiac? Do you know?
I heard milk does the body good, but man, how much have you been drinking?
I hope I'm on your list of things to pick up today.
I know you make artisan cheese, but what else can you do with your hands?
I like baby carrots because they totally fit in your mouth.
I like chicken breast. Actually, I love all breasts.
I like my men like my homemade bread, dense.
I really can't finish a box of strawberry all by myself, Would you like to share with me over some wine?
I see you’re pretty skilled at churning your butter.
I think grapes are very sensual.
I'm buying some stuff for a party later today. Would you like to join me?
I'm buying this T-Bone for my dog. I'm really a vegetarian that respects all walks of life – especially women.
I'm trying to convince myself that Corn Pops are healthy.
I've got some meat here that's 'Best if used by tonight.
I’d love a taste of that [insert name of product] before I commit to buying.
I’d love to do a vegetable wash for you.
I’d offer to help you carry those bags, but I threw my back out saving an orphan from a runaway paddleboat. Little tyke didn’t even see it coming. Thank god I was there.
I’m a man at a farmers market. Of course I’m a catch.
I’ve always wanted to be a farmer’s wife.
If I give you my extra coupon will you write my number on it?
If you were a bouquet of fresh cut flowers, I would take you home.
If you were a vegetable, what vegetable would you be?
Is it really cold in frozen foods, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that a banana in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me? But really, I don’t think you’re supposed to put the bananas in your pocket. They have plastic bags for that.
Is your name Pepsi? Because you sure are sizzling.
Isn’t it tuber time?
It says right here that this frozen pizza is enough for two.
It's the end of the world — again! (At magazine rack)
It’s funny how slippery this jam is!
Just call me Elvis 'cause I love my meat tender.
Let me help you with that.
Let's 'bag' this place and go get a coffee. And yes, I am proud of that pun.
Let's make like fabric softener and snuggle.
Let’s get dirty.
Let’s just say that my peach-squeezing skills extend to other fruits as well. Like boobs.
Let’s pick up some artisanal breads and make a baby.
Look like we've got a long wait here in the check out line, so why don't we get acquainted.
Looks like you’re buying meat. Cool.
May I use those melons for my Fruit of the Loom salad?
Mmm, these honey samples are so mouthwatering.
My meat is very interested in being inside of your fridge.
Nice basket. Wait! No! I didn't mean it like that. On the upside, you're really good at slapping people in the face.
Oh, you’re out of eggs? That’s ok, you can have mine.
Okay, here’s the deal: I’ll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we’ll be having frozen pizza.
Orange you glad citrus is finally in season?
Orange you glad I didn't say 'banana?' I mean, you know the joke 'orange you glad...?' What I'm saying is, I'd like to make out with you.
Our love would be 100% organic.
Paper or latex? I mean latex or plastic? You know what I mean.
Price check for mixed roasted nuts on aisle 69!
Pssst! My piggly is wiggly.
Reading a shopping list, eh? I see we're both fans of the classics.
Roses are red, bananas are yellow, wanna go out with a nice little fellow?
So how would you like to become a stock *man*?
So, how long have you been pickling these cucumbers?
That hand spun sweater looks big enough for two to get cozy in.
The expiration date says 'best if used by tonight.' Can I make you dinner?
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there’s only one of me.
There is no expiration date for true love.
These bags of organic spinach would make some great pillows don’t you think?
These groceries aren't for me. They're for my grandma.
These Heirloom tomatoes are so firm and juicy.
These peppers are, like, so yellow. Which reminds me—what are you doing Saturday?
These plums are so soft.
These two quail eggs just fit in my hand perfectly.
This beer has a very sensual taste. What were you thinking of when you brewed it?
This bushel is so dry, let’s change that.
This diaper rash ointment isn't for my ass, it's for a tattoo that just so happens to be on my ass.
This isn't a beer belly, it's a fuel tank for the love machine.
This selection is nuts.
Those bananas ain't got nothing on me.
Those Carhartt overalls would look even better on my floor.
Want to come over later and help me shuck?
Want to cross pollinate?
Want to melt my beeswax candles tonight?
Want to show me how to make steamy greens?
Was your Dad a baker? Because you've got a nice set of buns!
What a coincidence! You've got butter in your cart, and I've got a copy of 'Last Tango in Paris' at home!
What a huge eggplant.
What a small world! I belong to the Safeway Club, too!
What are you doing hanging out in aisle 3? You clearly belong in aisle 9. Aisle 10 is within arm's reach but that all depends on whether or not you'll have dinner with me.
What do you do in your off season?
What else can you pickle?
What it doesn't say on the back of that can of whipped cream is that it tastes really good on my skin.
What’s your favorite late night snack? Pie? I’ll buy 6 of them. That way you’ll have something to munch on after our fierce yet tender bang sesh.
What’s your favorite way to eat rhubarb? [Wait for answer] I’d love to make it for you.
Wow—funny MEAT-ing you here. Get it? How 'meat' and 'meet' are homophones? You should help me stop talking.
Wow, looks like dinner's at your place tonight.
You are so hot. I bet I could cook an egg right there on your ass cheek.
You can have that last bag of chips if I can bag your number.
You elevate checking out to a mystical event worthy only of gods and champions.
You know it's really dangerous for you to be here in the frozen food section. Because with your looks you could melt all this stuff!
You know, a sack full of groceries can't hug you back. On the other hand, I totally can.
You know, it ain't often that I see a lady buying pork rinds, and when I see a lady buying pork rinds, I says to myself, 'This is one chick I *got* to get to know better.
You must be a sustainably farmed mushroom because you’re really growing on me.
You must be NUTS to shop here, but that's quite a (pih)STASH(io) you've got! cah-SHEW! I just sneezed. Please come back. I swear I'll stop.
You put the hot in hothouse… cucumbers. Too much? Sorry. Maybe we should make out.
You sure have big baguettes!
You: It's dangerous for you to be here in the frozen food section. Because you could melt all this stuff.
You’re so cute I’d add you to my woven basket.
You’ve got a box of those limited edition tattoo fruit roll-ups, and I’ve got a sugar craving and a bunch of extra spit. Let’s get it on.
Your hands seem to be full. I have big panniers you can borrow to bike all that produce home.
Your name must be Lucky Charms, because you're magically delicious.
Are you a medium? Because I'd like to paint you on carpet.
Are you a Shepard Fairey poster? Because I can’t believe you don’t already belong to someone else.
Are you an antiques collector? Because I have some junk that hasn't been touched in years.
Are you into monochrome? Because I'd love to use my charcoal to color us black and white.
Are you the daughter of The David or did God finish sculpting perfection?
Aren’t you the model from my figure drawing class?
At first I thought I was looking at a Monet, but you are so much more beautiful up close.
Baby you're so fine you could make an impression on MONET.
Being around you makes me higher than attending Rob Pruitt’s ‘Cocaine Buffet.’
Call the Art Loss Register, 'cause you just stole my heart.
Do fries come with that juxtaposition of light and color
Do you have an audio tour, because I want to hear all about you.
Doesn't it seem like all these paintings look alike?
Girl, GIMME THAT PUSSSAY.
Have you ever posed nude?
Hey girl call me Rockwell 'cause I'd like to show you my slab-serif.
Hey girl I bought Photoshop for the Magic Wand Tool 'cause I wanna make you my selection.
Hey girl I see a Futura with me and you.
Hey girl I wanna take my paintbrush and reproduce some Jackson Pollock on that face of yours.
Hey girl I'd like to see twenty four frames of you per second.
Hey girl is your name Salvador Dali because you is Persistently in my Memory.
Hey girl you shine so bright I need to change my ISO to 100.
Hey girl, I know you don't accept permanent loans but will you make an exception for my heart?
Hey girl. Call the Art Loss Register, because you just stole my heart.
Hey girl. It may take me a few days to carefully document your verso and recto sides.
How about you and me go out by the pool and brush up on our strokes?
How bout you and me go downstairs and brush up on our strokes?
I came here wanting to see great art, but I never thought I'd see such a vision of loveliness.
I love anatomy...especially yours.
I may not be an Yves Klein, but I’d be pretty blue if I couldn’t get your phone number.
I was not aware that living artists could exhibit themselves here...
I would drag you to a museum, but they said not to touch the masterpieces.
I would love to draw you. Would you pose for me?
I'd like to add you to my itinerary…in between V, I, and P.
I'd like to hang you up and nail you to the wall.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture us together.
I’d better put on my conservation gloves, because you’re too beautiful to handle.
If I told you I like your body of work, would you hold it against me?
If I told you your body looked like the Met's Aphrodite, would you hold it against me?
If I was an artist, you would be my picture!
If I were a painter, I'd put you down in paint. I'd hang you by the Mona Lisa and put that girl to shame.
If I were an art critic, I'd give you a ravishing review.
If I were Tehching Hsieh and you were art, I definitely couldn’t stop doing you for a whole year.
If you were Marina Abramovic I would sit in the MoMA lobby and stare at you all day.
If you were words on a page, you'd be fine print.
Is that a paint brush in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is your dad an art thief? Because you are a masterpiece.
Let me be your Frank Gehry and I’ll be sure to properly balance your curves.
Like the Mona Lisa smile, I find your smile absolutely intriguing.
Nice to meet you. I would shake your hand but the sign says not to touch the masterpieces.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Real women have cubes
See that painting? I'd buy it for you if I had a million dollars.
Sorry for staring, I thought your face was a work of art.
Sorry for staring, I thought your face was a work of art.
The shade of black you are wearing really brings out your beauty.
Vincent Van Gogh out with me
Vincent Van Gogh: Ear's lookin' at you!
Would you mind if I tour the gallery with you?
You had me at the museum entrance.
You know, back in the 16th century, this kind of thing was taboo. My how things change...
You must be a piece of art, because I'd like to nail you up against a wall.
You must be a Richard Serra sculpture because I want to get involved with you, end up stuck in a loop, then get spit out right where I started.
You must be an Anish Kapoor sculpture, because I can see myself in you.
You must be an artist, because I find myself drawn to you.
You're a work of art - who sculpted you?
You're so fine you could make an impression on Monet.
you're so Monet and you don't even know it
You're the egg to my tempera.
You’re an artist? I'd let you draw me naked anytime
your perfection infuriates post modernists
Your pretty face sure would make a beautiful painting.
Your sexy figure sure would make an awesome sculpture.
Are we in LA/Coachella/Stagecoach? Because you're turning this into a hard fest.
Are you here for one weekend or two?
Are you security? Because I've got a suspicious bulge in my pants.
Are you VIP or general admission?
Camping this weekend? There's a shower back at my place that you don't have to share . . unless you want to share.
Can we cuddle naked while we listen to Above and beyond at EDM?
Can you feel the bass pounding in your chest
Damn girl, are your parents ghost producers? Cuz I can't believe you're responsible for dat ass.
Do I have a grass stain on my ass?
Do you like bracelets? Because I have a bunch in my van.
Do you like drum and bass? Cause you got me wanting 174 bangs per minutes.
Do you like sub-bass? Because you just turn on my lower frequencies.
EDM is when the crowd is singing louder than the speaker.
Get ready for the drop...of my pants
Girl, you must be sold out, cause I'm thinking of ways to get in
Great festival, but you know what's missing? Ins and Outs
HAPPY COACHELLA!
Have you heard of DJ Hanzel? Well, I got two deeper
Hey, baby, do you come to Stagecoach often? Hey, baby, now, what's your sign?
Hey, do you have a lighter?
Hey, good looking. Whatcha got cookin'? How's about cookin' somethin' up with me?
Hey! Where you going? Get your tits back over here by me.
How long have you been waiting in line for the Lollapalooza ticket?
I ain't never seen a cowboy look that good in jeans.
I don't fall for pick up lines, but I fall for pick up trucks.
I drove my Cayenne out here too . . . great minds think alike!
I know you've heard that worn out line about love at first sight. Well, I never knew those words were true 'til you walked up the Stagecoach stage tonight.
I must be wearing 3-D glasses, because your body is popping
I think my jewel-studded g-string and your Gucci bikini would look great together on my hotel room floor in the morning.
I used to go to the Harvest Festival but I got sick of scoring with so many virgins.
I'll call you when i finish the show and maybe we can hang out.
I'll think of you when i'm playing [insert romantic sounding song here].
I'm so mad crushin' your man-girl, skinny femme-boy with long-bangs, faint mustache and small boobs look.
I'm with Kanye.
If I were a drum I'd let you bang me all night long!
If u can't enjoy this without drugs, then EDM clearly isn't for u.
If you can make it, i'll see if i can get you a guest list spot.
Is that an extra wad of wristbands in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that crotch sweat, or are you happy to see me?
Is this a camping festival? Cause you got us pitching tents
Is your hair frizzy because of the humidity or because you're shocked to see someone this good-looking?
Is your name Tiesto? Cuz I'd pay $50K just to see you for 2 hours.
It's getting crowded at this festival. Can I hold your totem?
Let's hang out after the show.
Listen to our new songs on bandcamp. I'd love to hear what you think.
My friend owns a helicopter and can get us out of here.
See those cops over there? They’re here for you, because it’s illegal to look that good.
The Stagecoach Festival is so loud in here I can't hear a thing. But I sure do like your style.
There are like 30 million people in a one mile radius, for the love of god don't make me go home alone tonight
There's a rave in my pants and you've got guest list.
To get backstage, you must go backdoor.
Wait, aren't you my kid's babysitter?
Wanna check out the tour bus?
Wanna help me pitch a tent? (Coachella)
We're on tour right now, and i just feel so blessed.
What bands are you excited for?
What bands have been your favorite so far?
Where did you get those Mahi Mahi sliders?
You don't have to be perfect. You just have to listen to Trance.
You look familiar, are you a branding manager for Von Dutch or are you the bass player from Kings of Leon?
You look like you could use something cool to suck on.
You must be a cold shower, because I'd love to be inside you.
You must not have an air conditioner, because I'm your fan and you're turning me on.
You should totally come to my show.
You're the cutest boy/girl in I've seen in a bra top made out of reclaimed wood all day and I've seen about 33.
You're wearing a bear cap, I'm wearing a bear cap - let's make cubs.
Your music taste is fucking sexy.
Your name's sun screen right? I'd feel better if you were all over me.
If a girl accidentally bumps into you: Hey, that’ll be $10 please. You can’t touch this shit for free. What’s your name?
A.J. McLean: baby, my cigarette won't light up, can you use your looks to give it fire?
Aaron Carter: hey, If my brother nick lets me maybe we can go out. My tits are bigger than your so I can breast feed if we have children
All of my tips are frosted. All.
Attach all the strings you want, baby (N'Sync)
Do you like Backstreet Boys. Good, because my penis is larger than life.
Don't fight it, girl. It's gonna be May
Drew Lachey: baby, I'm only 98 degrees. I need you to give me .6 degrees of love to get me to the right temperature (98 Degree)
Girl, your pants are about to go bye bye bye (N'Sync)
Hey girl, it's now or never (One Direction – Live While We Are Young)
How deep is your...love
Howie Dorough: ever hear the story about how the ugly toad became a prince once he was kissed?
I count the blessings that keep our love new. There's one for me And a million for you.
I don't care who you are, Where you're from, What you did, As long as you love me (Backstreet Boys)
i got an idea would you be my girlfriend i'll treat you good (N'Sync)
I got my Library card out and I'm checkin you out (One Direction)
I have an 'owie' on my lip. Will you
I know we only met but let's pretend it's love (One Direction – Live While We Are Young)
I literally can't live without you.
I only know one phrase in Spanish: Una noche. And I mean it. (98 Degree)
I still love you in the year 3000 (Jonas Brothers)
I want you to rock me, mmm, rock me (One Direction – Rock Me)
I'll burn your rug
I'm afraid you'll run away if I tell you what I wanted to tell you (One Direction – Last First Kiss)
I've got the right stuff... in my pants
If I'm not the one you want then maybe I'll be the one you need (N'Sync)
If you want to hold onto anything, hold on to me!
Im burnin up for you
In my world, before you
I lived outside my emotions
Didn't know where I was going 'Til that day I found you. (98 Degree)
Is 98 degrees hot enough for ya?
It's tearing up my heart..not banging you (N'Sync)
Joey Fatone: hey baby want to suck the fat-one?
Justin Timberlake: hey yo, are you from my home state of Tennessee cuz you the only 'Ten' I 'See'
Lance Bass: your looks are so beautiful my face is white with envy
Lemme round out your arrangement
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle'
My clothes are off.. and I want it that way.
My universe will never be the same. I’m glad you came.
Nick Carter: the only thing that looks better than you is food
No one ever looked so good in a dress' (One Direction – Nobody Compares)
Rich Cronin: Hi, my name is rich. I like girls that wear Abercrombie and Fitch.[well that one was obvious heheeh]
Ricky Martin: hey man I like your pecks, I mean hey lady I want to eat some bon bons.
Slow down sugar, because I'm diabetic.
So, Howie gonna do this?
Tell me how to turn your love on (One Direction – Kiss You)
Tonight, let's get some! (One Direction – Live While We Are Young)
Wanna do a little east coast swing? (Boyz II Men)
We wear matching overalls
When I look into your eyes, I know that it's true. God must have spent...A little more time On you.
when you finally get to love somebody guess what? its gonna be me (N'Sync)
Would he please you? Would he kiss you? Would he treat you like I would? (One Direction – I Would)
You'll never treat yourself right, darling, but I want you to (One Direction – Little Things)
You're giving me a heart attack, looking like you do (One Direction - Heart Attack)
Your SOS got my attention! (One Direction)
Zac Hanson: just think you may be the lucky girl my parents finally allow me to go on a date to Chuck E. Cheese's with
Are those pencil erasers in your shirt or are you just happy to see me?
Are you at the PTA meeting last night?
Are you the mother duck because you quack me up
Can I buy you lunch/brunch sometimes before picking up kids from school?
Care for some afternoon delight?
Do you have a Band-Aid/Wipe/Diaper/sunscreen?
Do you know where that that other playground is?
Do you rent or own your flute?
Have we met before, do you know the ______ family?
Have we met before? I think our kids attend the same ____ class.
Hey diddle diddle, that's what I want you to do to my vagina.
Hey girl. I think it's cute when you're still in your pj's. Tell me what you pinned and I'll rub your feet.
How old is your baby?
I like you. Can we have sexy time?
I want to color-you-mine!
I'm single and desolate. Can you help me?
If I could change the alphabet I would put I and U together.
If you weren’t a parent, what kind of car would you drive?
Is your kid more of a teeter-totter-girl or a slide-man?
Let's play pretend!
Letters starts with ABC, numbers starts with 123, music starts with DO-RE-MI, love starts with YOU and ME!!
Nice minivan.
Nope, no ice cream. You’re going to eat dinner soon at daddy’s house. Sorry, what was your name again?
Of course there's lots of single mom/dad in the playground, but you're the only one I'd love to meet.
Our kids are playing together. It must be fate!
Roses are red, violets are blue. i want to hump your face.
Should I tell my babysitter I'm going to be home late?
Sorry, I couldn't help but notice how sexy your stroller is.
Those are so cute, where did you get your kid's shoes?
Wanna be a parent?
Wanna come over for a play date?
We should hang out sometime.
Where’s your kid go to daycare?
Would you like to go on a 'double' date?
Would you like to go on a kids-free date?
Would you like to join us at Color-me-mine and let me buy you a cup of coffee while at it?
You can play in my playground anytime.
You come here often?
You make me want to be a better parent.
Your kid is beautiful. I see he/she takes after his/her dad/mom.
Being single used to mean that nobody wanted you. Now it means you're pretty sexy and you're taking your time deciding how you want your life to be and who you want to spend it with. Can I be that somebody?
Every love story is beautiful, but ours will be my favorite.
Hey DJ, how about you quit playing shitty Thriller remixes and come make out with me?
Hey there. I’m Mr. Right… someone said you were looking for me
Hey, Lisa's grandma. I like the way you shake that thang.
I actually fell for you before I even realized I did.
I asked my friend to introduce us, but she says she doesn't know you.
I did not have too much wedding champagne. I'm just intoxicated by you!
I heard that you have tattoos and you do squats... let me put a ring on your finger.
I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
I just want to dunk your head under that chocolate fountain and go to town on your face.
I know you're in the middle of the father-daughter dance, but I'm going to go ahead and cut in. Get up on me, bride-woman.
I like you. Can we have sexy time?
I like your last name. Can I have it?
I want to get married once. No divorce and cheating, just us two till the end.
I want the kind of marriage that makes my kids want to get married.
I won't give my heart to anyone, but if you're brave enough you can try to steal it.
I'd love to buy you a drink from the open bar.
I'm not the wedding photographer, but I can picture us together.
I'm single and desolate. Can you help me?
I've got a bottle of champagne and the keys to an empty limo with an incredibly spacious backseat.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If you don't marry me, I might have to kill you. Love you, honey!
If you’re the bride, congratulations. If not, can I have your number?
One day we'll get married, watch bike racing and football and then you can suck my d**k and make me sandwiches, you'll love it.
Sorry. I can't think of a good ice breaker. Can you?
That tux looks really good on you. It would also look really good on my floor. Or nicely folded and hung in my closet, if you're a neat freak.
The moment I saw you, I knew we'd fall desperately in love, get married, have kids...
The only thing ‘fun size’ about me is my Snickers. The candy bar. I’m talking about the candy bar here.
To be honest, I kind of wanted to nail that other bridesmaid, but you seem to have much lower standards.
We might as well get to know one another. We'll probably be seeing each other at baby showers and anniversary parties.
We'd make some cute/beautiful babies.
What say you and me hit the dance floor and show those funky chickens how it's done?
Would you dance with me so I can tell my friends I just danced with an angel?
Would you like to dance?
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
You can make me the third happiest person on board, after the bride and groom.
You don't need to catch the bouquet to get lucky.
You know how they say we only use 10 percent of our brains? I think we only use 10 percent of our hearts.
You sure did a nice job of catching that bouquet. Let's go back to my hotel room and test your other reflexes.
You're so beautiful I'd marry your brother just to get into your family.
After sighting the object of your vehicular desire. Get in front of her in the toll lane and pay her toll. Instruct the toll collector to inform her that 'The incredibly charming guy in the (color & make of car) paid your toll for you!
Are you as efficient with your hands as you are with your energy?
At least I have a car
Can I buy you a tank of gas?
Can I offer you a space to plugin and recharge?
Can i open your bonnet and check out your oil with my dipstick.
Can I put my dipstick in your oil hole?
Can you help me reconfigure my GPS system? I need directions to get into your pants.
Convert this.
Did you get the chassis stiffener on your model?
Did you have your car custom painted to match your eyes? Because they are both the most beautiful shade of _______ (insert color) I've seen, and in this light, you seem to shimmer.
Did you just say “propulsion power?”
Do you believe in love at first sight, or I should drive around the block one more time?
Do you believe in love at first site or should I drive by again?
Do you know what the difference is between you and my car? I'd love to wreck you.
Do you like things battery operated?
Do you mind if I check out your exhaust pipe?
Do you think I could borrow a cup of power steering fluid?
Do you want to race? [long pause waiting for laughter to subside] Well, I guess we can't race now. Why don't you give me your phone number and we can arrange a time and place later?
Don't let the compact size fool you.
Don't worry, my energy levels never get low.
Drive here often?
Ever had sex in bucket seats?
Excuse me, ma'am, we're going to have to ask you to turn down the wattage on that smile; you're blinding the other drivers.
Excuse me. Do you believe in love at first site? And if not, would you mind waiting here while I drive around the block?
Guy: I'm listening to Car Talk on the radio, would you like to join me?
Girl: No
Guy: How about coffee instead?
Hello. I'm sorry but I'm lost. Can you show me the road to happiness?
Hey babe, check your oil?
Hey baby, if I was a car, I'd need some coolant, because you've got my engine overheating.
Hey baby, if I was a car, you'd have to write me a speeding ticket, because I never take it slow.
Hey baby, if you were a car, all my friends would be asking to borrow you.
Hey baby, if you were a car, I'd be willing to pay for new headlights.
Hey baby, if you were a car, I'd check your oil regularly.
Hey baby, if you were a car, I'd definitely run up the mileage.
Hey baby, if you were a car, I'd have to turn off your brights, because your headlights are blinding.
Hey baby, if you were a car, I'd jack you up and check out your undercarriage.
Hey baby, if you were a car, I'd let you jump me.
Hey baby, if you were a car, I'd totally wreck you.
Hey baby! Every heard of dancing car? Get in and i will show you.
Hey baby! I got the biggest exhaust pipe you'll ever see!
Hey Baby! I’ve changed the shocks of my car. Wanna try them?
Hey baby! If you were a car, I’d drive you all night long.
Hey Baby! May i check your fluids with my dipstick.
Hey Girl! Who needs a pick up line when you’ve go a pick up truck.
Hey Girl! You’ve a beautiful chassis, two lovely airbags and a fantastic bumper.
Hey Girl! Your eyes remind me of my car headlights. So Bright, Big & Beautiful.
Hey Handsome! I will give you such a service that your motor will cease and your exhaust will fall off.
Hey pull over, your car is on Fire!
Hey sexy!, wanna go for a test drive?
Hey, do you like your car? I was thinking of getting one for my mom.
Hey, why don't you and I make Click and Clack our bridesmaid and best man at our wedding?
Hi There, I know I'm going your way
Hi! I'm from out of town and lost...could you show me the way to your house?
Hi. I just heard on the traffic report that traffic is slow moving at (your location) because drivers were being distracted near a (model/color of her car). You really should make an effort to be a little less attractive before you go out at rush hour.
Hold on, let me put on my back up sensor before you say another word.
How long is your lifecycle emission?
How many engines do you have under your hood?
I bet we could maximize on that kinetic energy.
I bet your dual source of energy means you're up for a good time.
I built a sleeping bed in the back of my truck, seems there's too much room for one
I can feel my energy security rising when I am with you.
I don't need to keep my engine running when I am with you.
I hate sitting in traffic like this, don't you? Let's get off at the next exit and have dinner while we wait this out. I'll just follow you. You pick the restaurant!
I like things with more miles per gallon.
I lost my puppy, can you help me find him? I think he climbed into the back seat of my crew cab.
I need some coolant, because you've got my engine overheating.
I noticed your right front tire is a little low. You should check it out right away, or you could have a blowout.
I save so much energy with this car, I can put the leftover to good use.
I see you have high beams as well
I'd drive a million miles for one of your smiles, and even farther
I'd love to be your hydrogen fueling station.
I'd love to jack you up and check out your undercarriage.
I'd love to use you as two types of fuel.
I'll make sure you idle less.
I'll race you to (insert the name of a nice restaurant in town). Whoever wins has to let me pay the check.
I'll turn your driveshaft.
I'm lost, can you tell me which road leads to your heart?
If I put my key in your ignition will it turn you on?
If I were a hybrid car, I'd let you hand the control over to my electric engine.
If you were a car door, I'd slam you all night long.
If you were a Dodge, I'd RAM you.
Is that an advanced piece of machinery or are you just happy to see me?
Is your battery dead? Because I'd love to jump you.
Just because I don't use crude oil doesn't mean I don't like things dirty.
Let's make sure your gasoline engine doesn't engage.
Lets make like a LS1 and get the hell outta here
Look surprised, then say, 'WOW, This is the first time I've ever seen a flower driving a car.'
Mmmmm… plug in sounds sexy.
My batteries are designed for extended life.
My catalytic converter is going bad. Can you replace it with a test pipe and a new oxygen sensor?
My nuts are made of titanium.
My other car is a Dodge Dart.
Need a jump?
Nothing is sexier than meeting CAFE standards.
Oh, you have two motors? That's hot.
Petroleum is so 2000.
Position your dog in the passenger seat looking out the window. Look at the woman until she turns toward you and say, 'He likes you, and he has great taste.' Once she smiles say, 'How about the three of us go for coffee?'
Race you to the next light!
Roll down your window and say, 'I think I'm overheating.'
Since gas prices are so high, I think you should carpool with me to dinner tonight.
Smile while lifting a sign that says, 'Am listening to Car Talk. Wanna listen together?
That aerodynamic architecture sure makes you look good.
They say some men drive really expensive cars to compensate for a small penis... Did I mention that I drive a 1978 Ford Pinto?
This car is roomier than I thought! Does that mean we can recline the seats?
This car is small, but we can make it work.
Those are some nice headlights, but there's no need to put your high beams on… yet.
Wanna free lube job?
Want to charge up with me?
Want to drive for miles and stare at my dashboard?
What do you say we get some non-toxic cleaners and go wax your car?
What do you say we pull over and plug into the grid?
What's a nice girl like you doing in a car like that?
What's your favorite cruising speed?
Who needs oil when you're naturally charged?
Will I get a chance to pop your clutch?
With all the MPG you get, we can totally drive into the sunset like, twice.
With all these high gas prices, we should park somewhere and talk.
Would you like to blow my head gasket?
Would you like to buy me dinner with your tax credit?
Would you like to improve my fuel economy?
Would you like to lubricate my camshaft?
You have a hybrid? You're so unconventional. I like that.
You make me glow as bright as your dashboard.
You make me want to become a cleaner-burning woman.
You make my wheels turn
You must be traveling with a cute 10-year-old kid, your coconspirator. Have the kid roll down the passenger window and yell to the beautiful woman in the adjacent car, 'My cousin say he thinks he's falling in love with you.' You then feign a great flustering embarrassment, as you whisper loudly enough for the woman to hear, 'I'll kill you.' Look at her with a big smile, and say, 'I'm sorry, [s]he's impossible.' You coconspirator protests, 'But you said it!'
You should see MY Stop/Start capability.
You're like your hybrid, so quiet but so powerful.
You're so energy efficient.
You're so stealthy in that Prius, I'll show you how to make some noise.
You're the only thing about this traffic worth smiling about! Got a cell phone? I'd love to chat with you!
Your back seat or mine?
Your car's power and movement turns my wheels.
Your exit or mine?
Are you an overdue book? Because you have fine written all over you!
Are you Five People? 'Cause I just met you, and I'm in Heaven.
As I Lay Dying…my biggest regret was not telling you how beautiful you are.
Babe, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call fine print.
Baby you're so hot it's got to be at least Fahrenheit 451 in here.
Call me Ishmael. When can I call you?
Can I have The Way of All Flesh with you?
Can you help me? I'm in Search of all the Lost Time I spent checkin' you out.
Charles Dickens might have given you Great Expectations, but I can meet them.
Did I just step into an E. M. Forster novel? Because any room with you in it is A Room with a View.
Even Cowgirls Get the Blues if you won't give them your number, boy.
Fancy meeting you here. Just last night I filled out my Amazon wishlist and you were at the top.
Girl, it would be both a Crime and a Punishment if you don't let me take you out.
Girl, we're the Beautiful and the Damned, you're beautiful and I'll be damned if you don't let me buy you a drink.
Girl, you raise my temperature way past Fahrenheit 451.
Girl, you remind me of a library book because I love checking you out.
Girl, you're like a best-seller list, and I'm like a book. I could be on you for weeks.
Girl, you're my great white whale, and you make my dick be mo'.
Have you lost weight? Your Lightness is Unbearable, and it's doing something to my Being.
Hey baby. Would you like to peek at my hardcover?
Hey cutie, I Sense you have a lot of Sensibility. Was that too Austen-tatious of me to point out?
Hey girl, can you say that one more time? I can't hear you over the Sound and the Fury of my beating heart.
Hey girl, don't be The Stranger.
Hey lady, there's nothing Second about your Sex.
Hey, why don't you let me bring you to Treasure Island?
I believe in The Importance of Being Earnest, so I'm just going to say it: I'm Wilde about you.
I could say that I wandered lonely as a cloud before I met you, but what are these Wordsworth if you won't go out with me?
I don't need to go In Search of Lost Time — I know it's the time I spent before I met you.
I hate to brag, but I have the biggest Philip K. Dick collection of books on Good Reads.
I have 'Great Expectations' for our future tonight.
I have a library card, do you mind if I check you out?
I know For Whom the Bell Tolls, so why don't you call me sometime?
I like books, you like books, why don't we start writing the story of us?
I like paper and you like Kindle. So let's get together, baby, and start a fire.
I think you might have mistaken me for a library book… you've been checking me out all night.
I wanna do Wild Things wherever you Are.
I want to take your body to Wuthering Heights.
I want you to hold me and Never Let Me Go.
I would Thoreau-ly enjoy it if this library weren't so Wald-en. Why don't you get some fresh air and go out with me?
I'd Fight to go to a Club with you.
I'd like to Catch 22 of you.
I'd like to end your Age of Innocence.
I'd love you in all the times, including* the Time of Cholera. (*but not limited to)
I'd never be Misérables waking up to your face.
I'd never say 'Farewell' to those Arms.
I'd Revisit your Brideshead anytime.
I'd spend Tuesdays with Morrie, but baby, I'd spend every day with you.
I'm no Jane, but I'd Eyre on the side of saying I think you're beautiful.
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you, I'd have a Secret Garden.
If it was 1984, and I was Big Brother, I'd only watch you.
If you give me yo' number, I'll live up to all your Great Expectations.
If you'd let me, baby, I'd Middlemarch you right on down the aisle.
Is it 451 degrees Fahrenheit in here, or is it just you?
Is your name Harriet? Cause I caught you spyin' on me.
Is your name Scarlett? Because when I saw you my heart was gone with the wind.
It's funny that you're reading Tennessee Williams, since you're the only 10 I see.
It's no wonder Big Brother's watching you. On a scale of 1 to 10, you're 1984.
My friends call me Robert, but you can call me The Beowulf.
My Heart was a Lonely Hunter 'til I met you, girl.
My love for you is Infinite, and I do not Jest.
Portnoy's Complaint was that he didn't get to see your fine behind.
Tender is the Night you let me take you home.
The Sun isn't the only thing around here that Also Rises.
Wanna go find us A Room of One's Own?
Want to come back to my place to see my book collection?
Watching you walk through those stacks is A Moveable Feast for the eyes.
We could make such a beautiful library together.
We Need to Talk About Kevin. I'm Kevin, can I buy you a drink?
What's up girl? How about we make a little of the Sound and The Fury until the Sun Also Rises?
What's up, sweetheart. What do you say we open up our covers and read a little Fifty Shades of Grey together?
Why don't we Middlemarch right out of here and go get dinner?
Why would you Mary Shelley when you could marry me?
You may not be Miss Jean Brodie, but I can tell you're in your Prime.
You must be reading Fahrenheit 451, because you're smokin'!
You're the Lord of my Flies, and you can unzip them anytime.
I've traveled all 50 states and 27 countries and I've never met anyone like you.
You're hot. You must be the reason for global warming.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
I have an extra ticket for a fire dancing workshop next weekend. Wanna come?
I'm on fire. Can I run through your sprinkler?
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You're on fire.
Hey Baby, what's your sign?
Are you in astronomy? Because your ass is out of this world.
Are you strategically arranged carbon atoms? Because you shine like a diamond.
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
Baby you make my telescope expand.
Baby, you're like a white dwarf star, extremely hot but not very bright.
Care to experience some thrust?
Do you also feel the strong gravitational pull of my bed?
Do you work for NASA? Because you're out of this world.
Ever wonder what's happening under Orion's belt?
Hey baby, how many Gamma-ray bursts can your Milky Way take?
Hey baby, mind if i send my probe into your wormhole?
Hey baby, wanna witness a gamma ray burst?
Hey baby, you caught my Curiosity, mind if i explore you a little?
Hey, how'd you like to recreate the Big Bang?
Hey, wanna come to my place and observe something else that's constantly expanding ?
How about you and I form a binary system?
I think you might be a star because i can't stop orbiting around you.
I've never seen stars as beautiful as your eyes.
If a star fell every time I thought of you, the sky would be dark at night.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Kiss me! Let me taste your sweet lips before the asteroid destroys earth.
Mind if my comet enters your solar system?
My pants are approaching escape velocity.
Nice asteroids.
Of all the planets in all the solar systems in all the galaxies, you had to walk into mine…
Wanna initiate a docking maneuver?
Wanna join the hundred-thousand-mile-high club?
Wanna observe the Big Dipper? Hehe.
Wanna see how a Pulsar feels like?
What do you say we observe each other through naked eyes?
Woah! What's the name of THIS heavenly body?
Would you allow me to experience what's beyond your Event Horizon?
Wow you feel like a comet, you are a once in a lifetime experience and I'm glad i didn't miss it, can i buy you a drink?
You are hot like a perfect star baby, mind if i enter your Goldilocks Zone ?
You can use my telescope anytime. Hehe.
You make me hotter than NML Cygni.
You must be a Magnetar because i feel a strong magnetism between us.
Your beauty is as rare as a Venus eclipse.
Your eyes are brighter than Sirius.
Your name must be Andromeda, because we are destined to collide.
Your smile is like a black hole, nothing can escape it's pull.
Astronomy is a great thing. Want to see the Big Dipper?
Baby your like a black hole, you just suck men up
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
If you're here, who's running heaven?
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
Where do you hide your halo?
Hey baby, you're out of this world. Wanna see my milky way?
I'm a star. Wanna taste the Milky Way?
They call me the milky way...Pleasure You Can't Measure.
So You work for NASA cause Your out of this world
I'm like planet Neptune. I'm attracted to the gravitational pull from Uranus since it is so big and I cannot lie.
You must be the North Star, because the light around you guided me here
There will only be 7 planets left, when I'm done with Uranus
You must be the seventh planet in the solar system, because I love Uranus.
Did you hear about Pluto? That's messed up, right?
If a star fell for every time I thought of you, the sky would be empty.
Are you wearing space pants? 'Cause that ass is out of this world!
Ask her 'How does it feel?' When she ask's what; you say 'To be the only star in the sky'
Starlight, starbright why don't you come home with me tonight!
A face without freckles is like a night sky without stars.
Is your dad a thief? Why? Cause I saw him steal all the stars out of the sky and put them in your eyes.
Who took the stars out of the sky and put them in your eyes?
I must be the Sun and you must be Earth, cause the closer we get, the hotter you become.
I'm attracted to you like the Earth is attracted to the Sun-with a large force inversely proportional to the distance squared.
The Universe must revolve around you, because your gravitational forces are banging
Hi. I'm an astronaut, and my next mission is to explore Uranus.
You'd better call me William Herschel, because I'm gonna discover Uranus
Can I borrow a quarter? I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the person I'm going to marry.
I lost my teddy bear, can I sleep with you?
There's a lot of things I cherish and I'd love to add you to that list.
This might sound crazy, but I can already feel myself falling in love with you.
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
I'm the top executive managing president of international sales at the #1 marketing company in the greater Northern hemisphere.
You are like a cliffhanger—you keep me wanting more and more.
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
Do you have any overdue library books? 'Cause you've got the word 'fine' written all over.
I feel like I could talk with you nonstop for days.
Do you have a sunburn or are you always this hot?
How about we play lion and lion tamer?
I couldn't help but notice that you're the most beautiful person I've ever seen in my life.
Is it hot in here, or is it just me?
You're a prime example of why I appreciate the beauty in life.
Care to take these diplomatic negotiations back to my place?
I love your shoes. And your dress. And your necklace. And your hair. And your eyes.
I saw you somewhere before. I'm certain it was in my dreams.
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I'd be walking through my garden forever.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Of course there's lots of fish in the sea, but you're looking at a sexy land beast.
Your eyes are like glimmering oceans of emotion. Suddenly I want to get lost at sea.
Do you have a map? Because I'm getting lost in your eyes.
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life. Can I interview you?
Your opinions are so brilliant and original–tell me more!
Do you have a off switch? 'Cause you just turned me on.
Sweetie, you don't have to crawl out from under a rock to sting me.
You are the most intriguing, mysterious, captivating person I've ever met. Wanna have sex?
Your place or mine?
Are you a Taurus?, cause I'm gonna Taurus snatch up
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
I own a winery/cookie shop. I'd love for you to come by for a tour and some free samples.
You're so sweet, you're giving me cavities.
Baby, you must be a broom, 'cause you just swept me off my feet.
I really want to get to know you, but first let me reorganize these party napkins by size and color.
Your beauty defies real and complex analysis.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
Are you a low interval sprint set? ‘Cause you're making my face all red.
Are you the deep end? Because I’m ready to dive right in.
Are you the splash-and-dash because you've got my heart beating.
Can I see your tan lines?
Can I swim in your eyes on a hot summer day?
Can you call a lifeguard? Because I'm drowning in your eyes...
Come on, I'm a wealthy neglected housewife, you're a pool boy. It's practically required by law that you do me.
Could you watch my stuff while I go for a swim? (Then ask her to join you.)
Dang girl! You must look extra fine with that glowing tan.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!
Do you have swimmers as good as China? We'll have to do something about that...
Do you want to see my snake on the beach?
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
Don't save me just yet. Let me go down a few times.
Excuse me, do I need to buy a ticket for your fantastic voyage?
Girl, you give me the butterflies.
Hear that? The ocean wants you to join me for a drink.
Hey baby, the sun isn't the only thing that rises.
Hey baby! Can you please cover up your hot body cause the sun is melting and it getting hot here.
Hey girl, I'd swim across the ocean just to see you smile.
Hey girl, I'd swim up to 800 meters for your love.
Hey girl, is your name 400 IM? 'Cause you took my breath away.
Hey girl, lane lines can't keep us apart.
Hey girl, you make my heart flutter kick.
Hey ladies, which way to the beach?
Hey little princess. I’m just doing squats on the beach and need someone to come count them.
Hey sexy! The sun isn’t the only thing that rises.
Hey wanna go take a walk on the beach and watch the earth rotate while the sun goes out of view.
Hey, would you like a sex on the beach? Or sex with a Beech?
Hey, you were great on Baywatch last night!
How was your last skinny dip? I bet I can make your next one better.
I barely noticed you in the winter months.
I can't swim! Can I hold on to your floaties?
I could put some motion in your ocean.
I don't know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.
I feel like I'm in Scandinavia, because when I'm with you its's like the sun never sets.
I hope you know CPR, because you are taking my breath away.
I like your braces. They shine against the waves.
I must be lost... because I see paradise.
I must be lost… I thought paradise was further south.
I never have a false start.
I noticed you thrashing around. Would you like to hold onto my floaties?
I perform best when I'm wet.
I really like your suit.
I seem to have sand in my bathing suit, wanna get it out?
I was looking for treasure and i think i found some.
I wish I'd brought my towel, can I share yours?
I'll show you my tan lines if you show me yours.
I'm a Love Pirate, and I'm here for your booty! ARRRGGGHHH!!!
I'm drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now!
I'm not a very good swimmer, do you have any lifeguard experience?
I'm Ryan Lochte. She tells you you're not. I'm Nathan Adrian. Again she calls your bluff. Keep going until you find a swimmer that she'll believe.
I'm worried about you getting a sunburn. How about I cover you with my body?
I've never won gold in the breast stroke, but that could all change tonight.
I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to leave… you’re making the other guys/girls look really bad.
I’m new at the complex… can I have directions to your apartment?
I’m not a CPR dummy, but I’d let you practice some mouth-to-mouth
If everybody here accidentally drowned, the first bloated corpse I'd pull out would be yours, sweetheart.
If someone throws sharks in the water, I'll save you first.
If you got out with me, I can get you Michael Phelps' phone number.
If you was a beach, I’d pick you to lay on.
Ignore the ray bans. There is nothing shade-y about me.
Is it hot out here, or is it just you?
Is your name summer? Because you are hot!
Just like the Summer, I bring the heat!
Let’s go back to my place and get out of these wet clothes.
Man, you have to be a swimmer, because you blow everyone else out of the water with your good looks!
Nice beach balls, can I play?
Now how'd you manage to fit that great big thing into that little ol' Speedo?
Oh no I’m drowning… I need mouth to mouth quick!
People tell me I have a good breaststroke, but I'd say I'm a pretty good swimmer too.
So you're mermaid huh? I take it you are very accustomed to seamen then?
So… did you hear how I saved that little girl from drowning last month?
Sorry, babe, did I make you all wet?
That bathing suit would look a lot better on the floor next to my bed.
That sure is a lovely set of lungs you are wearing today
They called me the human torpedo even before I took up swimming.
Use these beach pick up lines with proper timing and confidence and no doubt they will work.
Wanna come jump in the pool with me? Cause you just caught me on fire.
Wanna go back to my place and do something about that shrinkage?
Wanna join the 9-foot-deep- end-of-the- pool club?
When you see a girl drying herself off with a towel reply, I sure wish I were that towel you’re using.
You are old enough to swim in the deep end aren't you?
You do know how to inflate your raft, don't you? Just put your lips together and blow.
You hear that? The ocean wants you to join me for a drink.
You know, they call it adult swim for a reason.
You look like you could use some help rubbing in that tanning oil.
You make my heart melt like ice on a beach.
You make my heart slip 'n slide.
You really flip turn me on.
You should go in the water, cuz you're so hot you're on fire!
You're like the anti-fog spray for my goggles, you just brighten up my day. 
You're so hot, the sun is jealous.
You've got the fanciest fantail I've ebber seen.
Your eyes are bluer than the Atlantic Ocean, and I'm lost at sea.
Your eyes are like a sunset, They're Beautiful, inspiring, and hard to turn away from.
Your nickname should be ‘Pool Tile,’ because you’re slippery when wet.
Your skin is burning like my heart.
Are you traveling alone?
Can I buy you a drink?
Can I show you around when we land?
Can you keep a secret? I'm packin'.
Coffee, tea, or me?
Could we even fit in the bathroom?
During turbulence: Don't worry, I'll hold you.
How did you get through security without setting the sensors off?
I don't believe in sex before monogamy, but I do believe in kissing under your blanket.
I get nervous when I fly; do you mind if I hold your hand?
I have a car picking me up — need a lift?
I see you ordered the kosher meal; are you single?
I won't mind if you cuddle with me in your sleep.
I'd definitely help you down the inflatable slide.
I'm glad I used my miles for first class — you're worth the upgrade.
If we go down, I'll save you first.
In the bathroom line: Please, you go ahead.
It was love at first flight.
My TV is broken — care to spare an earbud?
On Virgin America's in-flight chat: Hey, beautiful / Hi, handsome.
Pilot: I had to leave the cockpit to say hello.
Want to share my dessert?
Want to share my Xanax?
What are you watching?
What lady can resist a man in uniform?
When you sleep, you look like an angel.
You shouldn't have to lift your bag.
You wouldn't believe what I had to trade for this seat next to you.
A 9 hour time difference wouldn't keep me from you.
According to the lights, the bathroom is unoccupied right now.
Airplane food is always so terrible, so I always pack my own food. Want one of these chocolate covered strawberries?
Are you ready for take off?
Are you ready to board?
Can I buy you a drink in [insert cosmopolitan city of your choice]?
Can I claim your baggage?
Do you believe love at first frequent flyer mile?
Do you have your travel workout planned yet? Because I could help.
Ever had champagne for breakfast… in Champagne?
For safety's sake, how about we practice assuming the emergency position.
Have trouble sleeping on trains? [No] You will when we travel together.
I bet you prefer a European lifestyle.
I can last longer than a jet engine.
I don't know what gate I'm boarding at, but I hope it's close to yours.
I don't need the captain to remind me about the upright position.
I hate red eyes, but I would fly all night for you.
I know a great recovery for jet lag.
I love a good South of the border crossing.
I only pack the essentials.
I would give anything to be your personal item.
I would love to show you first class.
I wouldn't complain about a layover with you.
I'd love to be your final destination.
I'd swap to a coach seat just to sit next to you.
I'll show you my passport if you show me yours.
I'm a pilot, want me to captain your 747?
If I was a sticker, would you add me to your vintage luggage set?
If you were a TSA agent, I would be happy to get a body scan.
Is that an oversized carry-on or are you just happy to see me?
It's always a first class trip with me.
Let's cross the international dateline together.
Something tells me we'd make great travel partners.
This warm hand towel feels so good. Touch it.
Want me to help you recline?
Want to come over and see my world map?
Want to come to Paris and see my pied-à-terre?
Want to play TSA officer and pat me down?
Want to share a cappuccino in Milan tomorrow morning?
Want to stamp my passport?
What do you think about raising this arm rest to get the party started?
What's your address? [Why?] So I know what to write on my luggage tag in case my bags get lost and they need to find me.
Which language would you like me to ask you out in?
Would you like to join me in the members-only lounge?
You don't need an international ticket to get duty free with me.
You put me on Red alert.
You're as classy as the first Pan Am flight.
You're so cute, I don't need to see your boarding pass.
Your eyes are as blue as the waters surrounding the exotic island I would take you to if we were dating.
Your wanderlust is overpowering.
Is there an airport nearby, or is that just my heart taking off?
Hey, I know this is random, but I'm so bored. Wanna play ‘Go Fish?
All these kids, right? I could never.
And if I might be so bold, Ma'am, I don't think you'll be needing your seat cushion as a flotation device.
Are you a customs agent? Because I'd like to declare my love for you.
Are you a hat person? I'm so not a hat person. But I can tell you are.
Did you check-in here? It's swarming.
Did you overstay your visa? Because you got 'fine' written all over you.
Do you ever wish every airport were Heathrow but like the Heathrow in 'Love Actually' and you're Liam Neeson?
Do you like, like Starbucks in airports more than normal Starbucks's?
Do you watch 'Enlightened'?
Ever been stripped-searched by a minimum-wage flunky?
Excuse me, Sir, is that a large organic cylinder I detect in your pants?
Gonna hit up Hudson News?
Good thing that's not a wood detector, 'cause you'd keep me here all night.
Has anyone unknown to you handled those funbags?
Have a laptop in there?
Have you ever missed a flight? I've never missed a flight.
Have you seen the trailer for 'We Bought A Zoo'?
Holiday crowds, right?
Honey, this is a Bodacious Ta-Ta-sniffing dog, and two barks means you're guilty.
I saw you were using the Delta App, too. Isn't it great? Really slick.
I'll show you my passport if you show me yours.
I'm afraid you can't pass this point, 'cause you da bomb, Baby.
I'm afraid you're setting off a heightened alert in my pants, Ma'am.
I'm going to have to inspect your package for spores.
I've opted out of the backscatter machine before. The pat down was no biggie, actually.
If you were a TSA agent, I would be happy to get a body scan.
If you're finished checking my bag, there's one more pair of underwear to go through.
Is there an airport nearby, or is that just my heart taking off?
Nice carry-on.
Omg we need more outlets around here, right?
Sir, can I turn on your laptop?
So do you have any condoms that *aren't* full of heroin?
So where's home? Do you and your parents get along?
Step over here, please. You've set off my babe detector and I'm afraid I'm going to have to scan you with my wand.
The bathrooms were surprisingly clean!
The new FAA rules require me to remove your security breeches.
There's a Burger King here? I heard their new fries are weird. Oh wait I heard they were good. I don't remember. It was someone's Facebook status this week.
Ugh, shoes. So time consuming. I'm wearing boots today, too. That one guy ruined it for all of us, right?
What if the '10 Minute Manicure' takes 12? Do you get a refund?
What say we dump Gramma here out of the golf cart and go cruisin'?
You know, if we were to make love now, we could have a child before we get to the front of the line!
The next stops mine, pull this cord.
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions?
My your armpits have a nice aroma
*ding* doors are closing, legs are opening.
Do you live on the orange line? Because if so we could save each other seats and make this a regular rendezvous.
Excuse me sir, there is no food allowed on the metro…unless it's a romantic dinner for two
Great giant suitcase. Is it a samsonite?
I know, I stare at that ad everyday too. What does it mean to you?
I love the way you grip that pole.
I read that book when I was stuck on the red line last Thursday. Good choice.
Is there a doctor on board because my bare left ring finger is caught in the door.
Mind if I sit on your lap, my knees are suddenly weak?
No, please do lean on my fingers while I grasp this pole for balance. All the better to grope you with.
Nope don't worry I don't need my little toe…unless you're a podiatrist.
Oops I dropped my Express mid-tunnel, can you forgo your safety and pick it up for me?
Ride on this car of this train at this time often?
We're being off-loaded? Great, need some help getting off?
Why no, I certainly don't mind that your crotch simply must rub on my ass because you can't twist sideways.
Wow those look like really sophisticated earphones; where'd you get them?
Yeah it is getting hot in this tunnel. Why don't we take off a few layers?
Yep, I crammed myself onto this car because I saw you through the glass and wanted to check out your butt up close and personal.
You know if you set your gym bag on the floor then we can stare into each others eyes while we're jolted back and forth into each other.
You know, if we tell them we met here maybe they'll let us get married on a metro car some day.
You will meet a tall, dark straphanger.
Due to a signal malfunction, I'm not sure if you're interested?
Girl, I understand if you want to take things slow – we can change to the local.
Hey, would you like to not get a meal in the subway some time?
I am going to ask you out in … two … minutes.
I know I'm not supposed to panhandle, but I beg you to give me your number.
I may have been waiting for this train for 20 goddamn minutes, but I've been waiting for a girl like you my whole life.
Is heaven missing an angel? Or is the MTA missing a very good-looking track work engineer?
Let's get out of here.
No track work needed here, you're in fine shape, sunshine.
Remain alert and keep your belongings in sight at all times. I'm telling you this because I just stole a look at you, and now I want to make off with the entire package.
Seeing as you just accidentally felt up my butt anyway, wanna take things to the next level?
Since I met you, I'm on cloud 9th street F train.
That piss smell definitely isn't coming from you. Wanna get pie, cutie?
The sign says if you see something, say something, so here goes: baby, I'm seeing stars.
This is a message from the New York City Police Department: I'd like to stop and frisk with you.
WATCH THE GAP where my heart used to be before you STOLE IT, you thief of the heart.
What say we get together and Purell the shit out of our hands?
You make me want to Express myself.
You rock my world. Or we just derailed.
Are you good at finding things? Because I think you may have found my heart. Also, I don't know which zone I parked my car into so I need help with that too. Thanks!
Are you the Godiva store? Because you seem sweet and way too fancy for me.
Did you hear that? They're playing our future song on the speakers!
Did you know this mall has a movie theater? I just saw a preview of our life together. Looks pretty good!
Excuse me ! do you know where’s Victoria's Secret outlet/shop in mall .. You look like one of their model!
Excuse me girl, where I can buy men's stockings? I did not approach you to ask where I can buy men`s pantyhose. Actually I approached you, because you are my type of a woman. I really like you
Hey baby, why don't you meet me at the Starbucks? No, the other one. No, not that one, the other one... no, the one on the second floor. No, not that one on the second floor the other one... never mind, I'm sorry I bothered you.
Hey I need a female opinion- what do you think would look better on me, this or this?
Hi girls, I need an opinion. I was at Saks today, and there were $600 shirts. If guys wear 6bill shirts like that, do you think it’s classy or try-hard?
Hi, you are a very beautiful woman. My name is _____. What is your name?
Hold up some huge baggy pants or bling- “Wow this would look so AWESOME on me- yeah like a playa pimp. You can be my biatch
Hollister? I barely know her!
I heard they just opened up a new Lego store. Let's see if we can't build something together!
I just came to this shopping mall to meet my friend and I saw you. I thought I would make a mistake if I did not approach you. And what are you doing at this shopping mall?
I just tossed a penny into the fountain, want to make my wish come true?
I'm going to have to get a security guard, because you're trying to steal my heart.
If you look at the map of my heart, it says 'you are here.'
Just call me the guy working at one of those mall kiosks that sells phone cases, because I'm going to try and talk to you for a while whether you need a new phone case or not.
Just call me your Auntie Anne, because I'd like to make a 'pretzel' with you.
Let's get breakfast at the Tiffany's! [Leave and then come back] OK, it turns out I misunderstood something. There is no food allowed in Tiffany's. Also, you're not allowed in if you're poor.
My feelings for you are as tall as this seven-story Macy's.
Order in the food court! I hereby find you, the accused, to be quite tasty! You are sentenced to one date with me [bang gavel]!
So how do all of you know each other?
Teavana isn't the only one that gives free samples!
The girl we are shopping for has the same body type and height as you!
Want to go shopping? Today only there's a special deal: 30% off on my heart!
Want to run up the down escalator with me?
What are your mall go-tos?
When you're around, every mall is a sky mall.
You look even cooler than the Apple Store, and with less overt effort.
Your eyes sparkle like someone who has just tried on all the eyeliner at Sephora. Oh, you did? Let's take these guessing skills to Vegas!
A wise gambler once said you need to know when to fold 'em, know when to hold 'em, and know when to walk away. Well babe, I don't fold, so as I look at your big chips, do you want me to hold 'em or walk away?
Apart from being sexy, how are your lips at blowing on dice?
Are you good at finding things? Because I think you may have found my heart. Also, I don't know which zone I parked my car into so I need help with that too. Thanks!
Are you the Godiva store? Because you seem sweet and way too fancy for me.
Baby your like a slot machine, you just suck men up.
Back at my room. The blinds don't go up until the maid comes in.
Can I spin your roulette wheel?
Can I splash my chips all over you?
Can I tap your stack for good luck?
Can you please stop staring at my chip stack
Did you hear that? The DJ is playing our future song!
Did you know this casino hotel has a movie theater? I just saw a preview of our life together. Looks pretty good!
Have you ever gone all in with a pair of ladies before?
Hey babe, do you want me to show you the V.I.P.
Hey baby, why don't you meet me at the Starbucks? No, the other one. No, not that one, the other one... no, the one on the second floor. No, not that one on the second floor the other one... never mind, I'm sorry I bothered you.
Hey baby! Want to see my bankroll?
Hey baby! You’re looking at an expert card counter.
I don't mind going in blind, as long as I'm comin' out happy
I had a flush until you stole my heart
I heard they just opened up a new Lego store. Let's see if we can't build something together!
I just tossed a penny into the fountain, want to make my wish come true?
I may not be good looking, but I'm ranked Top 20 in the country
I only have one move in poker and in love…and it’s all in
I wouldn't mind a bad beating from you
I'd like to hit the big one on your pay table.
I'd like to name a slot machine after you.
I'm going to have to get a security guard, because you're trying to steal my heart.
I'm not in the blinds, but I want a piece of the/that action.
I’ll ante up if you’ll go down.
I’ve got a side game going on in my pants…wanna play?
If I bet, will you call me?
If lights would turn off every time I would think of you, Las Vegas would soon be pretty dark.
If you give me your heart I’ll give you a diamond
If you look at the map of my heart, it says 'you are here.'
If you pull the slot machine lever, I have a feeling you'll get lucky! Because the lever is in my pants! Grab that Lucky 7, baby!
It's spin time, baby!
Just call me the guy working at one of those kiosks that sells phone cases, because I'm going to try and talk to you for a while whether you need a new phone case or not.
Let's get breakfast at the Tiffany's! [Leave and then come back] OK, it turns out I misunderstood something. There is no food allowed in Tiffany's. Also, you're not allowed in if you're poor.
Looks like you’ve got top and bottom pair covered
My feelings for you are as tall as this seven-story Macy's.
My hand is pretty weak, can I use yours?
Nice dice!
Nice rockets!
No, that isn't a deuce in my pocket.
Order in the food court! I hereby find you, the accused, to be quite tasty! You are sentenced to one date with me [bang gavel]!
Shall I make a deposit?
Teavana isn't the only one that gives free samples!
Thank you for helping me make my hand…all I needed was a queen
These pick up lines are stupid. Let's just have sex.
Want to go shopping? Today only there's a special deal: 30% off on my heart!
Want to play heads up I’ve got chips in my room
Want to run up the down escalator with me?
We can have sex, but let’s make it quick blinds are up in 7 minutes
What are the pot odds we’ll be waking up next to each other
What are your casino go-tos?
When you're around, every casino is a sky casino.
Would you like to spin now, or spin later?
Would you please pull this handle for me?
Yes, that IS a deuce in my pocket.
You can play with my chips anytime.
You know what they say about men with 21?
You look even cooler than the VIP room, and with less overt effort.
You must be a 10 cause you just gave me a straight
You must be a high roller, because you make my bar raise!
You must be the Las Vegas Sign, because the light around you guided me here.
You sucked out on me, now it’s my turn
You turn me on more than World Tavern Poker.
Your eyes sparkle like someone who has just tried on all the eyeliner at Sephora. Oh, you did? Let's take these guessing skills to Vegas!
69 miles away, huh? Well that's ironic...
Are you a Middle Eastern dictator? Because there is a political uprising in my pants.
Did you know you're the hottest (insert generic name here- Jessica, Stacy, Mike, etc.) on Tinder?
Do you believe in love at first swipe?
Do you have a job? I need a woman who can support me while I play video games all day.
Do you want to hook-up? I mean hang out...
Do you work at build-a-bear? Cuz I'd stuff you.
Does this mean I won't be a virgin by the end of the week?
Hey gorgeous, will you be my Tinderella?
Hey, we're a match! Does this mean we're dating now? Give me a second, I need to change my Facebook relationship status.
How many times have you pictured me naked since we matched?
I could've called heaven and asked for an angel but I was hoping you're a slut instead.
I hope you know that I am 100% committed to this tinder relationship
I think this is love at first tinder
I usually go for 8's but I guess I'll settle for a 10.
I wish I were adenine because then I could get paired with U.
I'd be your Prince Charming if you be my Tinderella
I'd tell you a joke about pizza but its kinda cheesy.
I've had a crush on you for 2 hours.
I've had sex with -1 girls. Wanna get me back to even?
If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seeds?
Is my vagina crying or are you just sexy?
Is your personality as angelic as your hair?
Less than a mile away? Watch out baby, you're in the bone zone!
Like your picture.
My parents are so excited, they can't wait to meet you!
Roses are Red, Violets are Blue, We're a match on Tinder,
So I think we should screw.
We would make sexy babies
We're a match! The next step is to pick a wedding date, right?
What are the chances I see you naked tonight?
Would you dance if I asked you to dance?
You don't know how many times I had to swipe left to find you!
You got the best smile on tinder. You must use crest.
You must be a small amount of red phosphorus and I must be a tiny wooden stick… Because we're a match.
A day just wouldn't be complete without a Knight.
A world without day is gloomy indeed, but a world without Knight would be pure misery.
And you thought the Romans had the only impressive aqueducts.
Been there, slain that.
C'mon, sweetie...Didn't your mother ever tell you? A cleric a day keeps the black plague away.
Can I hose down your doublet?
Come up and see my scrolls.
Come up to my chamber and I'll show you the largest treasure in the land.
Darling, these Trojans are rather painful. We may need some oil for this armor.
Do you practice safe hex?
Don't believe the rumors you heard about me. The Bubonic plague didn't affect my important parts.
Don't worry. If you kiss me, I won't turn into a frog.
Dost thou know? That chastity belt of yours would look great on my sleeping chambers floor.
Ello, milady, thou art under siege. I shall scale thy battlements with mine grappling hook.
Excuse me, Milady, would you have a place where I may sheath my longsword?
Fair Maiden, you can scale my battlements any day!
Fair Maiden, your cups runneth over.
Has anyone ever told you that you have a lovely wimple?
Hey baby, King Arthur isn't the only one with a big round thing. How 'bout coming up and waxing mine?
Hey wench the rodent in my pocket wants to eat at your cheeze.
Hey, baby, wanna chain my mail?
Hey, big boy, how would you like to help this maiden out of dis-dress?
Hey, milady, if you think that horse is gifted.
Hey, Princess, you wouldn't happen to know where a lonely knight could scabbard his sword, would you?
Hey, Princess, you wouldn't happen to know where a lonely knight could scabbard his sword, would you?
Honest, milady, it will help clear up the pox marks.
How about coming around the back and giving me a good reason to come back from the crusades?
How about going out with a guy who doesn't have the plague for a change?
How, you ask, did I get up here to your balcony? Well, I espied you from yonder garden. In an instant my er, heart was swelled with lus.. er, love. I had to meet you! So I ranneth over but tripped on a stone thusly pole-vaulting into your arms.
How'd you like to ride my stallion? He's well trained for battle!
I am beset by this dragon in my loins, and only you can quench its fire!
I am beset by this dragon in my loins, Dear Lady, and only you can quench its fire!
I bet you would look nice in some maternity armor.
I had to swim the moat to get to you fair maiden. So, would you like to see my breaststroke?
I hath done combat with many a beast, but I must confess that was the tightest situation I have ever been in.
I have the key to your chastity belt and you have the key to my heart.
I joust love you, baby!
I like the cut of your jib.
I lost my leg in battle. Guess what I'm walking on!
I may not be a priest, but I can get you to heaven, m'lady.
I may not be a priest, but I can take you to the heavens, princess.
I might have lost most of my limbs in battle but I've still got one left.
I most certainly am King in bed! Shall I prove it to you?
I seem to have lost my sex slave, can I borrow you for a bit?
I would wish a manly broadsword, not a pen-knife such as yours.
I'd rather be beheaded than be denied a date with you.
I'm from Nuremberg, but I'm a master at more than singing.
I'm really a prince cursed by an evil witch. Tell me, do you have sex with frogs?
I've been VERY NAUGHTY. You'll have to put me in the stocks and 'PUNISH' me, now won't you?
If I were a horse, I'd rather you mounted me without the saddle.
If quietus you make, I'll bare my bodkin for you.
If the stars in the sky were as beautiful as the eyes on thee, then they'd be really pretty.
Is that a knife in your armor? Or are you just happy to see me?
It seems as if my dragon has finally found a nice cave to rest in.
It's not the size of the staff that matters, but the magic within.
Like a mare, I can be ridden for hours.
Like Marcellus Wallace, I wanna get Medieval or your ass!
Looks like my dragon has finally found a nice cave to rest in.
May I show you a fascinating Saracen ritual I learned while hiding in a harem after Hattin?
Milady you can ride my horse. I must tell you, he's a wild one!
Milady, I heard that you were a chirogeon, I have something you can drain.
Milady, I'll be your night in shining armor.
Milady, it's not the size of the wand that matters, but the magic within.
Mlle. Darc, thy breastplate is wondrous! Wouldst thou hold my polearm whilst I attempt to light thy fire?
My goat bite is no longer infected, so would you like to dance?
My Lady, dost thou possess a looking glass in thine bodice? For I may surely see myself within their folds.
My that's a fine set of chalices you have there.
My! But you are a beautiful damsel in distress! Allow me to help you out of it.
No, I'm actually a wizard. Want to see my crystal balls?
Oh yea baby- black plague, leprosy, or scarlet fever- honey, I've got the cure for you.
Oh, my sweet Knight! For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
Paint on your shield 'Smile if you want to sleep with me' and watch the wenches try to keep straight faces.
Pardon me, madam, but wouldeth thou like to see my long sword in action?
Pestilence makes the heart go wander.
Say, Princess, I'm very good at poking people with long pointy objects.
So...been to any good hangings lately?
Ssh, I don't want everyone to know I'm on a secret holy quest.
Sword fighting is like _everything_ else : it's all in your thrust.
That's a nice chastity belt you're wearing. My blacksmith friends and I can help you out of it.
The first time I saw thee, I felt as if my stomach had been raided by beautiful fire breathing dragons. Uh..in a nice way of course.
The inquisitor: So, witch...up to you. Either you burn at the stake...or I use my stake to make you burn.
The word of the day is legs. Lets go back to my place and spread the word.
They don't call me Lance-A-Lot for nothing, you know.
They say a knight is always as hard as his armor.
Thou hast hit on me harder than the black plague!
Wanna polish my pike?
Wench: What's that sound? Knight: That's just the sound of my chain mail drawers expanding.
What a fine gown you're wearing, my lady. Perchance may I talk you out of it?
What a fine set of chalices you have.
What say ye we have our own Norman conquest, lass?
What's a nice maiden like you doing in a dungeon like this?
What's a princess like you doing in a dungeon like this?
When I was put on the rack in the inquisition, my limbs weren't the only things that got stretched.
When the Inquisition put me on the rack, my limbs weren't the only thing they stretched.
Where am I from, milady? Nantucket of course!! Shall I prove it to you?
Why don't we go back to my place and re-enact 'The Miller's Tale?'
Why storm the castle when we can make our own?
Why, I once speared 10 of them with a single thrust.
Wizard: You know, my hat isn't the only thing that's pointed.
Would thoust be interested in viewing mine buttshaft?
Would you care to see my longsword in action?
Yes, I am indeed a wizard. Watch me make your clothes disappear!
You can place your greeves under my pallet anytime.
You can scale my battlements any day, madam.
You hit on me harder than the black plague!
You is know that chastity belt of yours would look great on my sleeping chambers floor.
You know, I was once imprisoned in a tower very much like Rapunzel. Only it wasn't my hair that the queen asked me to let down.
You know... I got my armor in Extra-Large just so I could fit the both of us in here. What do you say?
You look like a maiden in distress, why don't I save you?
You scratch my boils and I'll scratch yours.
You should be glad I'm not a Viking. You would have been ravaged and plundered by now.
You wanna go upstairs and see my Holy Grail?
You won't believe this but St. George just appeared to me in a vision and told me that I must bed you...the fate of England depends is on it!
You would have been ravaged and plundered by now.
You wouldn't happen to know where a lonely knight could sheath his sword, would you?
Your beauty has scorched a hole into my heart as fast as a dragon in the mote.
Your chastity belt would look great on the floor of my sleeping chamber.
Your eyes are as dark as a castle moat by midnight. Lower your drawbridge and let me cross.
Your hovel or mine?
Are you a baritone? Because I'd like to get to 1st bass with you.
Can you put your baritone inside my tuba? I want to see if it fits.
Date a bassist. We don't mind going down low.
I hear you're a second bass. Want to go to third with me?
This cello isn't the only big wood between my legs.
You had me at cello.
You must be a choir director, because you make my heart sing!
Did you just move chord V to chord I? Because I think you're perfect.
This reed isn't the only thing I can get wet.
Hey baby, you know 'One more time' doesn’t really mean one more time.
If I were a drum I'd let you bang me all night long!
Save a drum, bang a drummer.
Come sit between me and my drums, I could bang you all night.
The pads on my MPC2000XL aren't the only thing I'll be banging tonight.
Flute players provide some cheap trills.
I bet that flute isn't the only thing you know how to blow.
You sound a bit flat. Do I pull out or push in?
I have a flute you can blow.
The flute isn't the only thing I know how to blow.
Oh baby, trust me, I’m a French horn player. I know where to blow and where to put my hands and fingers on the right place.
Let's make some sweet music together, honey.
Good boys deserve more than just fudge.
I just lost my job and may be Baroque, but that doesn't mean I can't show you a good time.
Perhaps you and your friend would like to play a trio with me?
I'd like to finger your fret board.
My guitar teacher says my fingering is good, especially on the G-string
I'd love to strum your G-string
Are you a guitar player? 'Cause you just plucked my heart strings.
Hey babe! I want to play you like my harmonica!
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Damn girl, you're lookin' sharp!
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
I bet we'd get into some serious Treble together.
Composers always score.
Is that an anacrusis? Because you're about to hear a pick-up.
Enough exposition. Let's move this to the development section.
My bowing arm is pretty sore...Because you just made me tremolo.
Ooh, I love your accent... what is it, agogic?
You must be a C major scale... All natural.
Is that a fugue I can hear? Because we're about to get entangled.
If you were a scale, I’d go up and down on you. You decide the tempo.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Hey baby, I know all sorts of alternate positions that’ll ensure maximum playing speed and accuracy.
If you were an oboe, I’d be the only one who could play you correctly.
Would you like to play my organ?
How would you like to see my big organ?
That's a nice set of mallets you have.
You can tickle my ivories anytime, baby.
Baby I want to bang you as hard as I bang the keys of my piano when I play Beethoven's 5th symphony.
How about you give me some piano lessons? We could play all night and make some sweet music.
Hey baby, you know pianists do it with 10 fingers.
You light up my world like a piccolo lights up the sharp side of a tuner.
Excuse me, do you believe in premarital sax?
You want to know how to play the saxophone? Why, it’s easy. You just blow a lot and sometimes use your tongue. Would you like to try?
You wanna grease my slide?
I wanna rosin your bow…
Girl, you give me a tromboner.
Trombones can do seven positions, and baby, my favorite's on the floor.
Are you a trumpet player? Because you sure are makin' me horny!
My embouchure is good for more than just playing the trumpet, if you know what I mean.
I heard you’re a trumpet player. Want to try blowing my horn?
Tubas. We’re twelve times hornier than an ordinary French horn.
Would you like to borrow my tuner? You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Your chin rest isn’t the only thing that gives good hickeys.
I can make you hit all the high notes!
Altos know how to go down low.
Slow down girl, you're giving me a woodwind.
Call me AC/DC, because I'm gonna rock you all night long!
You are an ocean's breeze, I am a tidal wave. You every paragraph, I'm just the title page. You have the heart I hold exactly where you desire it, it's all so effortless, like what you did to acquire it. (Fall For Your Type)
Hello, ma'am, would you be interested in some sexual positions and emotional investments? (Trying To Find A Balance)
Hey, hey, you, you, I don't like your girlfriend, No way, no way, I think you need a new one! Hey, hey, you, you, I could be your girlfriend (Girlfriend)
Beautiful girls all over the world I could be chasin', but my time would be wasted 'cause they got nothin' on you. (Nothin' on You)
You may be right / I may be crazy / But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for. (You May Be Right)
You may be right, I may be crazy, but it just may be a lunatic you're looking for. (You May Be Right)
Hey, girl, hey, where ya goin'? Come back and sit back down, You look too good to be heading home so early now, You say you gotta work tomorrow, Got a lot on your mind, Let me buy another round, Girl, I think you and I should just drink on it (Drink on It)
Is it cool if I hold your hand? Is it wrong if I think it's lame to dance? Do you like my stupid hair? Would you guess that I didn't know what to wear? (First Date)
I'll be your baby tonight (I'll be your baby tonight)
You can do me up like Woodrow Wilson, carry my children, exit the building. Let me love you like you're the shit, girl, you're the shit, girl. You're the shit, girl. (Dressed to Digress)
I'd like to check you for ticks. (Ticks)
I'd like to walk you through a field of wildflowers, I'd like to check you for ticks (Ticks)
Your jeans are playing peekaboo and I'd like to see the other half of your butterfly tattoo. (Ticks)
You feel like paradise; I need a vacation tonight. (Hold It Against Me)
If perfect's what you're searching for then just stay the same. (Just the Way You Are)
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but can I get your number, and call you maybe? (Call Me Maybe)
I saw you from across the room, and I got to admit it that you got my attention. You making me want to say yo. (Yo)
Hey, girl, what's your name? It's so loud in here I can't hear a thing. But I sure do like your style. (Sideways)
I may not be in love. But let me tell you I'm in heat. (Romeo)
But girl you ain't the only one that's trying to be the only one at least I admit that, if you get that, and you with that. Then, fuck, let's get it then. (We'll be Fine)
Don't listen to the lies, I wear they all lies. You know I could be your knight in shining armor all tires. (Camera)
I got my eyes on you. You're everything that I see. (Hold On We're Going Home)
I taste pain and regret in your sweat. You've been waiting for me. (Practice)
Intelligent too, Ooh, You my sweetheart. I've always liked my women book and street smart. (Fancy)
Know you got a roommate. Call me when there's no one there. (Best I ever Had)
Said I gotta email today. Kinda thought that you, forgot about me. But I wanna hit you back to say, just like you, I get lonely. (I Get Lonely)
Uhh, say baby I had to mention that if you were a star you'd the one I'm searching for. All the girls they got attention, but I just always feel like there in need of something you got. (Shut It Down)
What's a star when it's most important fan is missing? (Say Something)
Some people call it a one night stand, but we can call it paradise. (Save a Prayer)
Let's remove the space between me and you. (Tonight I'm Loving You)
You make me feel like I could touch the planets. You want the moon, girl? Watch me grab it. (Rocketeer)
Blame it on the model broad with the Hollywood smile… stripper booty with a rack like wow. I'll never forget ya. (Novacane)
Well do ya? Do you want to go where I've never let you before? (Do You Want To)
Lookin' good, plenty tight. Tell me, is there any more room for me in those jeans? (In Those Jeans)
How the hell do I approach such a precious dream? … You got me feeling like I'm choking on a wedding ring and I ain't even made an introduction yet or anything. (Pack It Up)
Hey, good lookin'. Whatcha got cookin'? How's about cookin' somethin' up with me? (Hey Good Lookin)
Shine On Diamond eyes, seperate the space between love and lies and as days go by i'll wait for you. (The Transition)
We'll behave like animals, swing from tree to tree. (Southern Girl)
I ain't ever seen a country boy with tires on his truck this high. (Eight Second Ride)
I know about pain and suffering and being cold. But I just wanna fuck (Pigs In Zen)
You're so contagious. I can't take it. Have my baby? (Excuse Me Miss)
I know you've heard that worn out line about love at first sight. Well, I never knew those words were true 'til you walked in tonight. (Be My Baby Tonight)
Don't be so cold, we could be fire. (Take You)
Don't need these other pretty faces like I need you, and when you're mine, in the world there's gonna be one less lonely girl. (One Less Lonely Girl)
Everything about you girl is so contagious. (Catching Feelings)
For you, I would walk a thousand miles. (Be Alright)
I could be your Buzz Lightyear, fly across the globe. (Boyfriend)
I don't know your name, but I love your smile. (Out of Town Girl)
I don't want nobody when I got your body. (One Love)
I'd wait on you forever and a day, hand and foot, your world is my world. (U Smile)
If I could just die in your arms, I wouldn't mind. (Die in Your Arms)
If I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go, I can take you places you ain't never been before. (Boyfriend)
In my head, we're already together. (Catching Feelings)
In my head, we're already together. (Catching Feelings)
It's like an angel came by and took me to heaven, 'cause when I stare in your eyes it couldn't be better. (Never Let You Go)
You're beautiful, you know it, I think it's time you show it. (All Around the World)
Man we steppin' out like whoaaa, cameras point and shoot. Ask me what's my best side? I step back and point at you. (As Long As You Love Me)
Hey Mona Lisa, come home you know you can't Rome without Caesar. (Flashing Lights)
Girl, your skin is so smooth, and you smell good just like some new shoes. (Pillow Talk)
Let's play a love game. I'll be Alejandro, you be Lady Gaga and I'll let you take a ride on my disco stick.
Hey, hey, mama, said the way you move, gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove. (Black Dog)
Way, way down inside, I'm gonna give you my love, I'm gonna give you every inch of my love, gonna give you my love. (Whole Lotta Love)
Wanna l-l-lick me like a lollipop? (Lollipop)
It's just a perfect day. I'm glad I spent it with you. (Perfect Day)
Love is like a sin, my love. (Paradise Circus)
If you be the cash, I'll be the rubber band. You be the match; I will be a fuse. Boom. (Sure Thing)
If you got a big dick, let me search it, and find out how hard I gotta work ya. (Work It)
I may not be Mumford, but do you want to have my sons?
The Proclaimers would walk 500 miles to 'come back home to you,' but I'll do you one better. I'll sit through an entire Nickelback concert.
Hey girl, it's now or never (Live While We Are Young)
I know we only met but let's pretend it's love (Live While We Are Young)
I want you to rock me, mmm, rock me (Rock Me)
I'm afraid you'll run away if I tell you what I wanted to tell you (Last First Kiss)
No one ever looked so good in a dress' (Nobody Compares)
Tell me how to turn your love on (Kiss You)
Tonight, let's get some! (Live While We Are Young)
Would he please you? Would he kiss you? Would he treat you like I would? (I Would)
You'll never treat yourself right, darling, but I want you to (Little Things)
You're giving me a heart attack, looking like you do (Heart Attack)
You can be my girl; I can be your man. And we can pump this jam however you want. (Hey Baby)
Every rose has its thorne, so let me be that thorn baby. (Let Me Be the One)
A body like yours oughta be in jail 'cause it's on the verge of being obscene. (Little Red Corvette)
A body like yours/ oughta be in jail/ 'cuz it's on the verge of bein' obscene. (Little Red Corvette)
I didn't wanna pressure U, baby/ but all I ever wanted 2 do/ I wanna be your lover. (I Wanna be Your Lover)
I just want your extra time and your kiss. (Kiss)
I wanna be your lover. (I Wanna Be Your Lover)
If I was your girlfriend/ would you let me dress you?/ I mean, help you pick out your clothes before we got out?/ Not that you're helpless but sometime/ sometime those are the things that bein' in love's about. (If I Was Your Girlfriend)
In a word or 2 – it's u I wanna do/ no not cha body, yo mind u fool. (Sexy M.F.)
A 9 hour time difference wouldn't keep me from you.
According to the lights, the bathroom is unoccupied right now.
Airplane food is always so terrible, so I always pack my own food. Want one of these chocolate covered strawberries?
Are you ready for take off?
Are you ready to board?
Can I buy you a drink in [insert cosmopolitan city of your choice]?
Can I claim your baggage?
Do you believe love at first frequent flyer mile?
Do you have your travel workout planned yet? Because I could help.
Ever had champagne for breakfast… in Champagne?
For safety's sake, how about we practice assuming the emergency position.
Have trouble sleeping on trains? [No] You will when we travel together.
I bet you prefer a European lifestyle.
I can last longer than a jet engine.
I don't know what gate I'm boarding at, but I hope it's close to yours.
I don't need the captain to remind me about the upright position.
I hate red eyes, but I would fly all night for you.
I know a great recovery for jet lag.
I love a good South of the border crossing.
I only pack the essentials.
I would give anything to be your personal item.
I would love to show you first class.
I wouldn't complain about a layover with you.
I'd love to be your final destination.
I'd swap to a coach seat just to sit next to you.
I'll show you my passport if you show me yours.
I'm a pilot, want me to captain your 747?
If I was a sticker, would you add me to your vintage luggage set?
If you were a TSA agent, I would be happy to get a body scan.
Is that an oversized carry-on or are you just happy to see me?
It's always a first class trip with me.
Let's cross the international dateline together.
Something tells me we'd make great travel partners.
This warm hand towel feels so good. Touch it.
Want me to help you recline?
Want to come over and see my world map?
Want to come to Paris and see my pied-à-terre?
Want to play TSA officer and pat me down?
Want to share a cappuccino in Milan tomorrow morning?
Want to stamp my passport?
What do you think about raising this arm rest to get the party started?
What's your address? [Why?] So I know what to write on my luggage tag in case my bags get lost and they need to find me.
Which language would you like me to ask you out in?
Would you like to join me in the members-only lounge?
You don't need an international ticket to get duty free with me.
You put me on Red alert.
You're as classy as the first Pan Am flight.
You're so cute, I don't need to see your boarding pass.
Your eyes are as blue as the waters surrounding the exotic island I would take you to if we were dating.
Your wanderlust is overpowering.
All these kids, right? I could never.
And if I might be so bold, Ma'am, I don't think you'll be needing your seat cushion as a flotation device.
Are you a customs agent? Because I'd like to declare my love for you.
Are you a hat person? I'm so not a hat person. But I can tell you are.
Did you check-in here? It's swarming.
Did you overstay your visa? Because you got 'fine' written all over you.
Do you ever wish every airport were Heathrow but like the Heathrow in “Love Actually” and you're Liam Neeson?
Do you like, like Starbucks in airports more than normal Starbuckses?
Do you watch “Enlightened”?
Ever been stripped-searched by a minimum-wage flunky?
Excuse me, Sir, is that a large organic cylinder I detect in your pants?
Gonna hit up Hudson News?
Good thing that's not a wood detector, 'cause you'd keep me here all night.
Has anyone unknown to you handled those funbags?
Have a laptop in there?
Have you ever missed a flight? I've never missed a flight.
Have you seen the trailer for “We Bought A Zoo”?
Holiday crowds, right?
Honey, this is a Bodacious Ta-Ta-sniffing dog, and two barks means you're guilty.
I saw you were using the Delta App, too. Isn't it great? Really slick.
I'll show you my passport if you show me yours.
I'm afraid you can't pass this point, 'cause you da bomb, Baby.
I'm afraid you're setting off a heightened alert in my pants, Ma'am.
I'm going to have to inspect your package for spores.
I've opted out of the backscatter machine before. The pat down was no biggie, actually.
If you were a TSA agent, I would be happy to get a body scan.
If you're finished checking my bag, there's one more pair of underwear to go through.
Is there an airport nearby, or is that just my heart taking off?
Nice carry-on.
Omg we need more outlets around here, right?
Sir, can I turn on your laptop?
So do you have any condoms that *aren't* full of heroin?
So where's home? Do you and your parents get along?
Step over here, please. You've set off my babe detector and I'm afraid I'm going to have to scan you with my wand.
The bathrooms were surprisingly clean!
The new FAA rules require me to remove your security breeches.
There's a Burger King here? I heard their new fries are weird. Oh wait I heard they were good. I don't remember. It was someone's Facebook status this week.
Ugh, shoes. So time consuming. I'm wearing boots today, too. That one guy ruined it for all of us, right?
What if the “10 Minute Manicure” takes 12? Do you get a refund?
What say we dump Gramma here out of the golf cart and go cruisin'?
You know, if we were to make love now, we could have a child before we get to the front of the line!
Hey are you African? Cause African love you
Are you from Europe because Amsterdaymmn
i want to flip your Ipswich, over Andover, Andover again.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
Are you from Baghdad cuz you better bagh dad ass up
Belize let me hold you.
Do you have a quarter I can Bora Bora? I want to call my mom and tell her I've met the girl of my dreams.
Do you mind if I sit down, cause Jamaican my heart race!
You must be from Quebec because these feelings I have for you are Mont-real.
Did you get back form Kingston? I ask because Jamaican me crazy.
Everything has been so wonderful since you Cayman to my life
I just want you to know: I think you're El Salvadorable.
Are you from China? Cause I'm China get your number.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Would you allow me Du-bai you a drink?
Any chance I could Dubai you dinner tonight?
I Ecuador you.
I know we just met, but I Cairo lot about you.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Are you from the U.K.? Because I want U, K?
Baby, are you traveling to London in 1666, because you're setting my heart on fire!
Don't be shy, you Canterbury your feelings from me baby...
i want to flip your Ipswich, over Andover, Andover again.
I saw London, I saw France....can I see your underpants?
Are you sure you're not a tower? Because Eiffel for you.
Hey girl are you from France? Because maDAMN.
I'd be Lyon to myself if I said I thought we weren't meant to be.
You must be French, because you're looking really Nice tonight.
You must be from Paris, 'cause you're driving me in-Seine.
Your name must be Mona... 'Cause it's Louvre at first sight.
You're leaving for the Caribbean?! But I just Haiti the the thought of ever losing you!
I'm Havana dream about you.
Are you from India? Cause I'm trying to get In-di-a pants.
Are you heading to India? 'Cause I'd Goa anywhere with you!
Hey girl, you're looking Varanasi.
This may not be India, but since I saw you I've felt like I'm in Lucknow.
We Bali know each other, but I Jakarta take my eyes off you!
The way our eyes were Interlaken, I knew you were the one.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.
This may not feel like the right time to get to know you, but Venice the right time?
Your clothes would look great on my Florence.
Are you Jamaican? cuz ja'makin me horny
What took you so long? I've been Kuwait-ing for you my whole life.
You Tijuana get out of here and come back to my place?
You've Mozambiqued my interest.
I want to visit your Netherlands.
Can you at least af-fjord to buy me a drink?
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
What's your hurry, baby? I Just want to take things Oslo.
Belize me, baby, I will Peru'v my love for you at any Costa Rica.
You must be Portuguese because I could Lisbon to that accent all night long.
Who needs a map when one can Rome freely in your beautiful eyes?
You don't have to plaster me with Vodka if you want my number, Yakutsk just ask me.
Are you sure you're not from South Korea? Because I know you're my Seoul-mate.
I know we just met but I think we might just be Seoul-mates.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish girl I've ever seen.
I didn't know if I should have come over, but I saw you smile and thought Phuket, why not?
I hope you're not a monk, cause I'd love to go Tibet with you.
G'day do u mind if I have a read of your lp?
You make me want to get a financial consultant in Alaska. 'Why?' Well, Juneau you have a Kenai for Fairbanks.
Feeling sad and lonely? Come here, I Vatican make you feel better.
Are you Vietnamese? Cause I'm falling pho you.
Hi, 'Hanoi'ce to meet you. 'Ha long' you been coming here?
Be unique and different, say yes.
Do you come here often?
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions?
Is that a placard in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is your daddy a thief? Because he stole the Eurostars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
It's my last night.
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
This time next year let's be laughing together.
This wouldn't feel like a Lonely Planet if I were with you.
Wow! Are those real?
Wanna go for a swim?
You smell nice.
Want to share a bucket?
Whatcha eatin'?
A day with you is like an eternity of behind-the-ear scratches.
Are you tired? Because you've been running through my mind all day with a frisbee in your mouth.
Can I get you a tennis ball?
Can you help me find someplace to pee?
Come on, don't make me beg!
Do you pee here often?
Dog heaven must be missing an angel.
Girl, you are SO FETCH.
Have your people call my people.
Haven't I sniffed you someplace before?
Hey girl, you're one fine-lookin' mother pupper.
Hey gurlll want to help me bury my bone?
How about we ditch these leashes and go for a run?
I am looking for a leash-free relationship.
I came here looking for a little tail.
I don't bite you know…unless it's called for.
I don't normally pick up at the park. I let my owner do it.
I love – Squirrel.
I love seafood, and your breath smells like crab cakes.
I love to be pawed.
I miss you more than my balls.
I must be behind on my vaccines because I am LOVESICK.
I smelled you down the street, and my nose brought me right to you.
I want to have your litter of puppies.
I want to have your puppies.
I'd lend you my coat, but Chivalry—the German Shepard that used to come here often—is dead.
I'd never keep you on a short leash.
I'll be your tramp if you'll be my lady.
I'm a poodle in the streets, but a dulldog in the sheets.
I'm looking for a no-strings-attached cuddle buddy.
I've crossed all the dog parks in the world to find you.
Iams so in love with you.
If peeing on me makes you happy, consider it my Valentine's gift to you.
Is it warm out here, or are you in heat?
Is that pug making goo-goo eyes at me?
Is that your dog's tail wagging or are you just happy to see me?
Is your tail always wagging, or are you just happy to see me?
It was love at first sniff.
Lookin' good, Rover. Are you single? Think Buddy here could get your number?
My favorite position is doggie-style. What's yours?
Need rescuing?
Roll over. I'll scratch your belly.
Roses are grey, violets are grey, everything is grey because I'm a dog.
Since chocolate is toxic to me, how 'bout a little sugar?
Sniff my butt. It's the quickest way to my heart.
Sorry, baby. I thought it was hump day…
Stay.
That fire hydrant might be fake, but you are REAL pretty.
There's not a crate strong enough in the world to keep me from you.
This dog is beautiful. I see he takes after his owner.
What say we take this discussion off-leash.
Where do you poop?
With the size of your paws, you can mark my territory any day of the week.
You came back to this dog park to see me, didn't you?
You can pee on my fire hydrant all night long.
You come here often?
You had me at ruff.
You just took my breath away, or my tracheal stenosis is giving me trouble again.
You make me want to be a more obedient dog.
You make my heart feel like it's getting tummy-rubbed.
You smell like garbage and pee
You smell so familiar.
You want to play tug-of-war sometime?
You work for beneful? Cuz you're maing my heart do all the right things.
You. Me. Bacon.
You're a great catch.
You're all bright-eyed and bushy-tailed.
You're more fetching than my favorite ball.
You're pawfect.
Your bark is contagious.
Your breath smells like Greenies.
Your doghouse or mine?
(Hold out hand) Hey will you hold this while I head for the dance floor?
Are you a magnet? Cause you attracted me from across the room. Wanna dance?
Are you an alien? Because I've got a feeling that dancing with you will be like nothing else on earth!
Are you religious because I think dancing with me could be the answer to your prayers.
Are you the celestial kingdom? Cause dancing with you is my goal.
Are you the iron rod? cause I want to hold onto you forever.
Be forewarned, if you accept this dance with me, you'll have to take social studies in school because our dance is gonna go down in history
Boy: Did it hurt? Girl: Did what hurt? Boy: You falling from heaven to dance with me
Boy: Do you have directions? Girl: to where? Boy: To the dance floor of course
Boy: Do you have the time? Girl: (gives time/ replies) Boy: No, the time to dance with me?
Boy: I'm sorry, were you going to dance with me? Girl: no or yes Boy: oh well, let's start
Boy: Will you dance- What was that? Girl: What was what? Boy: Oh nothing, it was just the sound of my heart breaking. I mean, you haven't told me yes yet.
Dance with me if I'm wrong but dinosaurs still roam the earth right?
Dance with me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name... (say random name) ...Gertrude?
Dancing with me is EFY... you know, Especially For You.
Dancing without you would be like a broken pencil, pointless.
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me? May I have this dance?
Did you hear the latest health report? You need to increase your daily intake of vitamin ME and i think 1 slow dance would do just that.
Did you know that you burn 2.8 calories a minute while slow dancing. Wanna work out?
Do you believe in modern revelation? Cause I believe I'm standing in front of an angel and we're about to dance
Do you believe in slow dancing at first sight, or do I have to walk by you again?
Do you dance Bachata?
Do you have a map to the dance floor? Because I just keep getting lost in your eyes!
Do you know the Tango, because your dancing away with my heart.
Do you like raisins? How about dancing?
Do you think we would look cute dancing together? I think we should find out
Excuse me but I noticed you noticing me, and I thought I would notify you that I noticed you too 🙂 now, if you didn't get that I'll explain it to you while we dance
Excuse me, can you empty your pockets? I believe you have stolen this dance.
Excuse me.....Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you... and then if I could have a first hand experience dancing with you
Have I danced with you yet? (no) That's a shame, I'd sure like to. May I have this dance?
Hello, I'm a thief and I'm here to steal this dance
Hey I just realized this but you look a lot like my next dance partner.
Hey! you almost just killed me! I thought of dancing with you and forgot how to breathe
I bet you've been waiting all night for your knight in shining armor to come and sweep you around the dance floor. Guess what? I wear the full armor of God!
I bet your like a butterfly, pretty to see but hard to catch!
I feel like you need to know that, if our relationship goes any further than this dance, can't take you to the temple...mainly because you're smokin!
I hope you know CPR cause dancing with you might take my breathe away!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you. Would you care to dance?
I think dancing with you would be like a dictionary, it would add meaning to my life
I think dancing with you would be like McDonalds... I would have to say, nah, nah, nah, na- nah, I'm lovin' it
I was looking at a light bulb today and it made me think of you and how dancing with you lights up my world.
I'd use a cheesy pick-up line on you, but you're too smart. So I'm gonna ask you straight up, would you dance with me?
I'm a frog but if you dance with me I may just turn into a prince
I'm not a hipster, but I can make your hips stir.
I've just discovered that my feet won't dance by themselves . Please help!
If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don't worry I told Santa I wanted to dance with you for Christmas.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity and I'd love to have a tiny piece of your time to dance with you.
If dances were snowflakes, I'd want a blizzard from you.
If I had a nickel for every time I asked someone as beautiful as you to dance, I'd have 5 cents.
If I had a penny for every time dancing with you crossed my mind I would only have 1 cent because it crossed my mind and stayed there.
If I was a pioneer, the only thing I would need to bring to keep me warm at night is the memory of dancing with you tonight.
If I were Peter Pan dancing with you would be my happy thought
If wishes came true, you would say yes. Will you dance with me?
If you were a pirate would you put your parrot on this shoulder (touch girl's shoulder) or this shoulder? (touch other shoulder and keep arm there) Now that we're like this, may i escort you to the dance floor?
If you were my personal progress than I would be your duty to God and right now, that duty is to dance. Want to?
If you would dance with me, I would slay two goliaths.
If you would say yes to my next question, you'd make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae. Would you dance with me?
Is there a rainbow? Cause the opportunity to dance with you is the treasure I've been searching for.
Is this dance part of eternal life? Cause this time with you is the greatest gift.
Is your name virtue? Cause the thought of dancing with you is garnishing my thoughts unceasingly
Kiss me... no wait, dance with me? I'm Mormon 🙂
Last night I got bored and tried to match a star with every reason I l want to dance with you. I ran out of stars.
Me dancing without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces
Most people like to watch the Olympics because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather dance with you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
My liahona's pointing toward you and I believe it wants me to ask you to dance. Will you?
My name's [say name] but my nickname is Justin because dancing with me is Just- in... credible
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES! Would you dance with me?
Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I danced with you?
So... I heard you like bad boys and, not trying to impress you but, I entered on the wrong side at Wal-Mart. Wanna dance?
Some people say that there are seven wonders in the world, dancing with you is the eighth.
The 13th Article of Faith requires me to ask you out to dance... you know cause if there is anything virtuous lovely or of good report we seek after these things
The only thing your eyes haven't told me yet is your name and whether you'll dance with me tonight.
There are 20 angels in the world 11 are playing, 8 are sleeping and 1 of them is standing in front of me. Would you like to dance?
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my tongue in a knot. W-w-w-would you dance with me?
What time do you have to be back in heaven? I was wondering if you could spare a few minutes and dance with me?
When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day i danced with you.
Would you dance with me so I can tell my friends I just danced with an angel?
Would you like to dance?
Wow, even with the Liahona I still get lost in your eyes. Can you please help me to the dance floor?
You can fall off a building, you can fall out a tree, but baby, the best way to fall is onto the dance floor with me.
You know, Math is so useless. The only math i need is you + me = us on the dance floor
You might not like it when guys swear, but I swear i would love to dance with you.
You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if you would be willing to dance with me?
You'd be choosing the right if you chose to dance with me
You're so beautiful you made me forget my pickup line. Would you care to dance?
(Points to face) That's a nice mug you got on ya.
Affogato? Afforgeto where I am when I'm with you.
Ah, I love this one jasmine tea where they hand-tie each leaf into a little butterfly. Guess you could say I’m into bondage.
Are you from Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Barista: 'Can I have a name for that order?'
Customer: 'Can I give you my number?' (Barista Pick up line)
Barista: 'Did you want sugar?'
Customer: 'No, I'm sweet enough.' (Barista Pick up line)
Bean Mine
Been thinking about you a latte
Black coffee. A purist. I give my stamp of approval.
Can I borrow your outlet (Laptop/Cell Phone)?
Can I buy you a coffee sometime?
Can I get your number? Because I like you a latte.
Can you pass the coffee and sugar because you just made me cream in my pants
Can you watch my laptop for a minute? I'll buy the next round of caffeine.
Careful of that Earl Grey, it’s super hot! Oh wait, you don’t need to worry. it’s not as hot as you.
Do you get a hint of almond in this Keemun? No? That’s odd, because I’m nuts about you.
Do you make your own kombucha? Because those probiotics are doing your body good.
Do you prefer French Press or Bialetti for your morning coffee?
Excuse me sir, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Excuse me, but my Chai gave me an awful tongue burn. I think I need mouth-to-mouth.
Excuse me, miss, things are about to get real steamy in here.
Giving me your number sounds like a fair trade.
Hello there, how do you brew?
Hey ,they call me coffee cause I grind so fine
Hey girl, are you a chai because I’d like to get dirty.
Hey girl, are you a faulty French press because I'd like to be burned by you and recall you afterwards.
Hey there, did someone request a little extra whip?
Hey there, don’t add honey to that chamomile. You’re already too sweet.
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so caramel me maybe?
Hey, if I bought you a drink would you let me sit here for several hours and work on this screenplay?
Hey, wait, give me another shot!
Hey, was your daddy a barista because you are ALMOST what I ordered.
Hmm, there seems to be a kiss of mint in this blend. how about a real kiss, just to be sure?
Hold the sugar please, you're sweet enough for the both of us. 
Hold the sugar, please. You're sweet enough for me.
I can feel something brewing between the two of us.
I have a personal rule to never eat chocolate alone.
I have no idea how you can look so great pre-coffee.
I like my baristas like I like my coffee – hot, sweet, and creamy.
I like my coffee like I like my men: either tall or with a confusing Italian name.
I like the way you espresso yourself.
I like you about 1/18 as much as I like a Pumpkin Spice Latte, which is to say 'I love you forever, let’s get married.'
I love the way you espresso yourself.
I think I'd want nutritionist-approved bacon coffee.
I'm going to start watching my caffeine intake, because baby you make my heart palpitate.
I'm pretty sure the last 10 books I've read have all been in coffee shops. I don't even know if I'm literate at home anymore.
I'm soy into you.
I've been thinking about you a latte.
If I were a singer-songwriter, my ultimate goal would be to inspire novelists in coffee shops.
If you were coffee grounds, you'd be espresso 'cause you're so fine.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be espresso because you're so fine. 
Java number I can call you up at?
Just promise you won't tamper with my heart.
My coffee hasn't kicked in yet, so I can't think of a charming pickup line.
My coffee is really hot. But you're hotter.
So I was aging this Pu-erh, and it got all wrinkled. Good thing I like it kinky.
That Kenyan black smells wonderful! May I try it? Normally I stick to English Breakfast, but I’m always open to experimenting.
The barista may have forgotten your name, but I sure haven't.
Thusly tea-quipped, you may begin referring to yourself as Barney Steep-son.
Want some non-dairy creamer?
Wow, two teaspoons? Lucky for you, I’m a pretty good spooner myself.
You mocha me crazy!
You roast my heart!
You're like my coffee, you keep me up all night. 
You're such a TEAse.
You've turned me down before but I'm asking for an extra shot.
You’re like this year’s Darjeeling. Had me at first flush.
Are you in astronomy? Because your ass is out of this world.
Are you strategically arranged carbon atoms? Because you shine like a diamond.
Astronomy Major: Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
Astronomy Major: If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy.
Biochemistry Major: Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state?
Biochemistry Major: I've got my ion you, baby!
Biochemistry Major: You're so hot you denature my proteins.
Computer science Major: Are you sitting on the F5 key? Because your backside is refreshing.
Computer science Major: Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
Computer science Major: You make my software turn into hardware!
Computer science Major: You must be an angel because your texture mapping is divine!
Computer science Major: Your homepage or mine?
Cornell College: Did you know that Cornell College is known as home of the second largest organ this side of the Mississippi? The 2nd is over there in King Chapel. But did you know its currently home to the first as well? *PANTS* IT'S RIGHT HERE.
Cornell College: Is your name Pfeiffer Hill? Because you take my breath away.
Daang gurl, I don't know if it is you or this bag of popcorn I made at two in the morning, but something is smokin'
Dang babe, are you my most recent Calc grade? Cuz I'd say you're a 10 with a curve.
Did we have any homework due?
Do you have a pen I could borrow?
Do you know CPR? Cause my BAC is higher than your GPA.
Don't worry, girl, I'm pretty sure my roommate's asleep.
Don’t walk into the building. The sprinklers will go off
Economics Major: Baby, you're not an option, you're totally a future!
Economics Major: Hershey's produces a surplus of 2 million kisses per day, and all I'm asking for is one from you.
Economics Major: The national debt isn't the only thing that's rising.
Economics Major: You're a hot commodity.
English Major: Babe, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call fine print.
English Major: I have 'Great Expectations' for our future tonight.
Environmental sciences Major: I blame you for global warming, you're too hot to handle!
Environmental sciences Major: You are so fine I wish I could plant and grow a whole field of you.
Even if there were no gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you
Girl, I'm thinking about changing my major to chemistry, 'cause we've got it together.
Girl, you might be a freshman, but your booty's a senior!
Hey baby i got the F the C and the K all i need is U
Hey girl, do you have a map? Because I have no idea where I am on campus.
Hey, I need your opinion- I’m going on a blind date with a girl and I’m nervous. Are there any tips you can give me so I don’t look like an idiot
Hey, I’m cramming for a test- can you quiz me on these questions for a few minutes?
Hey, I’m new here- could you show me where the library is?
Hi, I’m looking for models for a campus magazine… you look like you might have what I need. Do you have any modeling experience?
History Major: According to Marx, there's an uprising in my lower class.
History Major: I'm not James Monroe, but I can give you an era of good feelings.
History Major: Quit Stalin and give me your number.
Honey, I might not be Fred Flintstone, but I can sure make your bed...smell like him.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I don’t know how I’ll ever get to class on time when it’s so easy to get lost in your eyes
I like my men like I like my books---well read and in leather.
I like my men the way I like my mathematical proofs: hard, formal, and 90% male.
I missed class last time, do you have the notes?
I must be feeling squirrely because I'm going to climb you like a tree.
I think we should drop out…of these clothes.
I wanna land my (insert bird mascot) into your nest.
I'm trying out for the football team, 'cause suddenly I wanna go all the way.
If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as pretty as you, it would still probably be better than my financial aid.
If i were writing an essay on your beauty, i wouldn't need to double-space or increase the margin sizes to satisfy the minimum page requirement.
Is that butt a speeding ticket? Because I can't even have a car on campus. 
Legal studies Major: Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Legal studies Major: I don't know if I have a standing, but I'd love to court you.
Legal studies Major: I love you beyond a reasonable doubt.
Legal studies Major: If being sexy were a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
Legal studies Major: Why don't you take a look at my briefs?
Linguistics Major: If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
Linguistics Major: There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
Looking for an attractive man? The SKY's the limit!
Man, if bein' sexy was against the law, then I would start working out just to spite my parents.
Mathematics Major: Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you're acute-y.
Mathematics Major: Can I have your number?
Mathematics Major: Honey, you're sweeter than pi.
Mathematics Major: I'd like to estimate the slope of those curves.
Mathematics Major: You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
Music Major: Composers always score.
Music Major: Damn girl, you're looking sharp!
Music Major: I bet we'd get into some serious treble together.
Music Major: You had me at cello.
Physics Major: Are you a magnet? Because you sure are attracting me.
Physics Major: Can I have your significant digits?
Physics Major: Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
Physics Major: You've got more curves than a circle.
Political science Major: For a third-world country, you're pretty well developed.
Political science Major: I'd like to get your opinion on my poll.
Political science Major: Let's make like Carnegie and horizontally integrate.
Sure, I have a guitar.
Wanna see my keg?
What do you say we get out of these pajama bottoms and slip into something more comfortable?
What'd you think of that test?
Why don't we go back to my place and I'll show you my fencing sabre?
You are out of this world! Trust me, I'm taking astronomy this semester.
You make me want the D…the Ph.D.
You make me want to be a better business major.
You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
You're so fascinating, I could write a 10-page paper about you.
Are you a prospective student? Because I'd like to tell you all about the various activities and clubs I can offer.
Are you Cornell? Because I saw that you have an Ithaca area code and that's where Cornell is located.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I've got no chance with you.
Are you my future roommate? Because I just can't stop talking to you online and I'm so excited for us to move in together. Then we'll get really annoyed with each other. But then we'll probably either be friends for life or never talk to each other again. There won't be a middle ground.
Are you the new school janitor? Because you just swept me off my feet.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Are you the second semester of my senior year? Because I am so happy I survived long enough to see you.
Are you the tuition at my dream school? Because I do not think my parents will approve of you (which makes it all the hotter).
Being that beautiful just isn't equitable!
Did it hurt when you fell from Heaven University? And do you know what their minimum GPA requirement is?
Did we have any homework due?
Do these flowers expiate the fact that I've been stalking you?
Do you believe in adventitious love or do I have to walk by again?
Do you have a pen I could borrow?
Do you have any you'd like to add?
Does your college of choice need a reference letter about how beautiful you are? Because if they do I can write that letter.
Don’t walk into the building. The sprinklers will go off
Even if there were no gravity on earth, i'd still fall for you
Everytime I hear yoour voice it reverberates within my soul.
Girl don't repudiate me, I'm a nice guy.
Girl, it's axiomatic that you're absolutely gorgeous!
Hey baby i got the F the C and the K all i need is U
Hey baby, just call me Jay-Z, because I'm pretty sure I'll be able to get into whatever college I want if they think I'm Jay-Z.
Hey girl, are you my guidance counselor? Because I really hope you are. I got to a big school and haven't been able to find her office.
Hey, I saw you cheer last Friday at the football game. When is the next home game going to be?
How can i know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?
I can infer from the way you're looking at me that you'll be coming back to my place tonight!
I can infer that you are smart enough to go out with me.
I commiserate with all the other girls in the room because they have to compete with someone as beautiful as you!
I didn't know angels were allowed in public schools.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
I don’t know how I’ll ever get to class on time when it’s so easy to get lost in your eyes
I filled out the admission form except for the phone number part. Can I have yours?
I give you A plus for the outfit
I gotta say that the amorphous dress does nothing to show off your fabulous figure.
I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.
I hear you're good at algebra. Can you replace my x without asking y?
I heard you were in [so and so's] class. My class sucks, so I'm thinking about transferring in there if I can. How is it?
I hope this campus has a great medical center, because I broke my arm falling for you.
I hope your dating policy is rolling admission, since I'd like to know whether we can go out as soon as possible!
I know summer must be over, because you're about to fall for me.
I know you're noncommittal about comming home with me, so maybe i'll just get you drunk so we can turn that into a yes!
I missed class last time, do you have the notes?
I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What's your number?
I would apply for an early decision from you, because if you say yes, I don't care what anyone else says.
I would fill out four whole pages of supplemental materials just to have a chance to be with you.
I would have my wealthy great-grandfather build a wing of a library in your name if it would do anything for my chances.
I would lie about the number of extracurricular activities I've taken part in just to get a chance with you.
I'd like to organize a campus visit to see if we might be compatible.
I'd pick you over a thick envelope any day.
I'm going to blazon my love for you all over town.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
I'm not being obtuse, but you're acute girl
If I could rearrange the alphabet I'd put U and I together. Because I'm hoping to get into U of I.
If I told you you had a nice body, would you write me a recommendation letter?
If I were writing an essay on your beauty, I wouldn't need to double-space or increase the margin sizes to satisfy the minimum page requirement.
If you were a pencil, I wouldn't be able to use you to take the SATs, because you're no number 2, you're my number 1!
If you were erudite you'd let me buy you a drink.
Is that a cell phone in your pocket or are you just affable?
Is there a science classroom nearby, or am I just sensing the chemistry between me and you?
Is your father the dean of a major school? Because if so, please put in a good word for me.
It doesn't take an erudite scholar to know dat you are hot!
It's inscrutable that God was able to let you out of heaven baby.
My love for you is irrevocable.
Our first date will be like an alumni interview, because I will be desperately trying to figure out the right thing to say.
Seeing your beautiful face makes my smile agrandize.
Stop being querulous and just sleep with me.
That gossamer shirt you're wearing makes it really easy to see what color bra you're wearing.
Those pectoral muscles are so hot they should be contraband.
Watching you walk into the room has put me in a state of ferment.
What'd you think of that test?
Why don't we go upstairs so I can acculturate myself with your body.
Will you be my student loans? Because I'd like to have you around for the rest of my life.
You have the propensity for taking my breath away.
You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
You must be the square root of two because i feel irrational around you
You should be warned, I have the propensity for getting girls to come home with me!
You're a perfect 1600. (A perfect 36 in the Midwest.)
You're a perfect Big Ten.
You're like an SAT practice test, because I keep wanting to start over.
You're like the AP physics exam—great curves.
You're like the common app, because I can't imagine how much worse my life would be without you.
You're like the SATs, because you dominate my Saturdays.
You're looking A-grade tonight!
Ahhh, high school. Remember the time we made out in the parking lot in 15 minutes from right now? (High School Acquaintance)
And I thought the beer was good here…
Approach a group of girls and say, ''What's happening girls?''.
Are you a parking ticket? Cause you've got fine written all over you.
Are you busy tonight at last call?
Are you going to finish that? (pointing at her/his drink)
Baby, you're the hot ass in my shot glass.
Buy lottery tickets and hand them out to girls with this statement written on the back, 'If you win, will you take me out to celebrate? Even if you don't win, let's get together sometime. Here's my number ____.'
Can I ask you a personal question? Beer or wine?
Can I sit with you and buy you a drink so we can tell each other lies?
Can you drive me home, I'm too drunk to drive and you wouldn't want me to get a DWI would you?
Could I buy you a drink?
Did it hurt when you fell from Heaven?
Did we go to high school together, or do you look familiar because I'm already in love with you? (High School Acquaintance)
Did you have Mrs. O'Brien for 8th grade English class? No? Me neither! We have so much in common. (High School Acquaintance)
Did you steal my beer? That one looks just like the one I was drinking.
Do you come here often?
Do you like blow jobs or sex on the beach? I'm talking cocktails of course.
Do you like dancing? Me too…. My favorite dance is kind of a slow one, but a high form of art. It starts seated while moving one arm from a horizontal position to vertical many times, later it turns into something best described as crawling and it ends in a motionless pose on the floor. It's such a catchy dance that even the bouncers of this bar usually join me. You want me to show you?
Do you like rock & roll music? Well, good because I'm going to rock your world.
Do you think most men that go to nightclubs and bars are jerks?
Do you want a drink? Yes? Me too, please give me a double whiskey, 5 shots of tequila and a large beer.
Do you want to dance?
Do you want to have a drink and have sex with me? No? What about just sex?
Don't you just hate it when guys try to use pick-up lines on you?
Excuse me, why is your drink glowing?
For the price of that drink you could have had me for the night.
Hello. I am not the girl put bologna in her pants on the bus in middle school. (High School Acquaintance)
Here's 50 euro's. Drink until I'm good looking and then come talk to me.
Hey cutie, your next drink's on me. I've saved a lot of money because I'm still on my parents' phone plan. (High School Acquaintance)
Hey you…I swipe you right.
Hey! I think you owe me a beer. Technically, you owe me a pile of soggy cheese fries from sophomore year, but I'll take a beer. (High School Acquaintance)
Hey! You owe me a drink. I dropped mine when you walked by.
Hi, my name is ___. I just wanted to tell you that I love the way you dance.
Hi. I'm Brad Bitt and I'm wearing a disguise so I won't be recognized. May I buy you a drink?
High school was hell… and you were the hottest thing there. (High School Acquaintance)
High school yearbooks kind of remind me of wedding albums. I'm not married. (High School Acquaintance)
How are you doing tonight?
I can't believe I haven't seen you in 8 years. You don't look a day over 15. Wait, is that creepy? (High School Acquaintance)
I can't believe they don't serve Everclear in this place! (If you wanna show you're a bad ass, Everclear contains 100% alcohol)
I can't stop looking at you.
I couldn't help noticing you're drinking the same as me. Are you trying to copy me?
I definitely know you from somewhere… I wouldn't have forgotten you.
I don't have a yacht, but I have over 100 Twitter followers. (High School Acquaintance)
I hate singles bars. How about you?
I have a 401K now. That's a type of blood condition, right? (High School Acquaintance)
I just moved here from ___. Do you know any other good nightclubs around the area?
I lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I see you've got some tequila's.  Does that mean you wanna give me a shot?
I think all the bottles in this bar must be jealous, cause your beauty is the most intoxicating thing in this place.
I'm bored. If you will entertain me, I will buy you a drink.
I'm letting girls take body shots off my amazing torso for 5 euro's. How many can I count you in for?
I'm not drunk. I'm just intoxicated by you.
I'm real shy and it took a lot of guts to approach you. May I buy you a drink and talk to you?
I've been to jail so much less than everyone else we went to school with. (High School Acquaintance)
If being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
If I'd have known I'd see you here, I'd have been sitting on this bar stool since my 21st birthday. (High School Acquaintance)
In medieval times my beer belly would be a sign of prosperity and attractiveness, what do you think?
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
It's a shame sexting wasn't a thing when we were in high school. (High School Acquaintance)
It's so funny that you were this hot cheerleader/football player and I was a bumbling nerd because now WILL YOU MARRY ME? (High School Acquaintance)
Just because I haven't seen you in 10 years doesn't mean I haven't thought of you every day. (High School Acquaintance)
Lemme Buy You A Drank. (In T-Pain's voice)
Look I'm just trying to drink here, but you're very distracting.
Most men/women are intimidated by me. It's okay, you don't have to be scared to buy me a drink.
My aunt died and left me six million dollars with the stipulation that I find a wife by Friday. Would you like to have a drink with me?
My drink is getting lonely, so would you like to join me with one?
Of all the gin joints, in all the towns, in all the world, you walked into this one, according to your Foursquare account, which I have been stalking ever since I got home. (High School Acquaintance)
Remember when you winked at me in Chemistry class when you had iodine in your eye? I've never forgotten that. (High School Acquaintance)
See that table over there? I've been waiting for you to come over and talk to me. Can you join me for a drink and some friendly conversation?
Sure I could buy you a drink, but I'd be jealous of the glass.
Tell me something about yourself...
That dress is beautiful, but it would look even better on my bedroom floor.
There's a roaring romantic fire back at my place. Would you like to go get warm?
This isn't a beer belly, it's a fuel tank for my love machine.
This place sucks.
Wait until it gets near last call in a bar. Then find the drunkest looking woman in the place and walk up to her and say, 'OK, let's go home.'
Wanna be my high school sweetheart? (High School Acquaintance)
What do you say I buy the booze and you show me how to shake it.
What do you say we get out of here? I bet you're way better to wake up next to than a hangover.
What's a real sweet and lovely girl like you doing in a place like this?
What's the name of that funny dance you were doing? It's really good!
What's your favorite song to dance to? (Then go ask the DJ to play it and ask her to dance.)
What's your favorite radio station to listen to?
What's your name, besides beautiful?
What's your sign?
When a girl passes by you say, ''I hope you don't mind me stopping you, but I just had to meet you''.
When you're done with that beer shall we play spin the bottle?
Would you girls like to go party over at my place?
Would you like to dance with a ugly man?
Would you like to dance?
You are the special lady that I have been saving this seat for.
You must be tired coz you've been running through my mind all night!
You're like a turkey in the oven all day. Just getting hotter and hotter. (High School Acquaintance)
Are you a boxer? How about you get on your knees and give me two blows to the head?
Are you a high jumper because you make my bar go up.
Are you from Tennessee? Cause you're the only ten I see!
Are you into fitness? How about fitting my thingy into your thingy?
Are you using that adductor machine so you can crush me between your thighs later?
Are your legs tired? You have been running in my mind all day.
Can I get your jersey? Your name and number?
Can you close the bracelet for me?
Can you teach me how to use this machine?
Did you fart? Because you just blew me away!
Did you hear the latest health report? It said you're supposed to increase your intake of vitamin ME.
Do you believe in love at first set? Or should I curl this barbell another 10 times?
Do you have a band-aid? Because I'm cut!
Do you have a map? I just keep on getting lost in your eyes.
Do you have any tape? Because I'm totally ripped.
Do you know any workout to reduce the breast size? Mine is a bit too big to handle.
Do you know karate? Cause your body is really kicking.
Do you squat here often?
Do you think that class instructor good?
Do you want me to spot you while you do those squats?
Do you work at UPS, because I saw you checkin' out my package.
Don't go to the zoo today… (flexing) because the pythons are out.
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something! My jaw.
Girl, do you need to get your protein macros up? Because I'd gladly put my meat inside you
Girl, I heard your into fitness. How about fitness dick in your mouth?
Girl/Boy you make working out look good!!!!
Going to a sculpture class won't even get you this chiseled.
Hello. If I tell you my balls are bigger than my biceps, will you believe?
Hey baby are you a boxer? You should because your one hell of a knock out!
Hey baby, how much does a polar bear weigh? Neither do I, but it broke the ice.
Hey baby, I have sarcoplasmic hypertrophy ALL OVER.
Hey there! It's your turn to spot me because I spotted you from across the room when you got in.
Hi, I see that you're new to this gym, and I wanna be the first male to bother you.
Hi, I think you are new here, and I wanna be the first male to bother you.
Hi, my name's [name]. Remember it, you'll be screaming it later tonight.
How'd you like to be my special push-up partner?
How'd you like to come back to my place and sit on my feet while I do sit-ups?
How'd you like to go on a long romantic walk on the treadmill?
I got stopped at the airport last week for trying to bring these guns onto an airplane.
I got stopped by a police officer on the way here. He told me it was illegal to carry these guns in public.
I have more MASS than a church on Sunday!
I hear your thirsty? Well I've got a six pack right here!
I heard that the missionary position helps men to work out the chest and triceps... do you wanna help me verify this?
I heard you like lifting weights, then you'll love to lift these nuts into yo mouth
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away… plus, I just did an hour on the elliptical and I'm feeling a little woozy.
I hope you took your Flintstone vitamins today because I'm gonna make your Bedrock!
I hope your into yoga, cause your going to get a good stretch tonight.
I know a fun activity that can burn 500 calories an hour...
I may not be the best-looking guy in here, but I'm the only one talking to you.
I never do this, but I think you're cute and I got tired of waiting for you to talk to me.
I should be working out right now, but I'm talking to you. Wanna catch a movie?
I wish this gym had a stationary bike built for two.
I'm afraid that I have to ask you to leave. Your sexy body is making other girls here look really bad.
I'm gonna have my 'whey' with you!
I'm too flexy for my shirt… too flexy for my shirt… too flexy…
I've got a 6 inch tongue and please teach me know how to use it.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put 'U' and 'I' together.
If I told you that you had a beautiful body, would you share with me the training regimen you used to attain it?
If you really want to loosen your pectineus, you should skip the squats and let me stretch them out.
Is that a train in your pants, or are you just happy to see me noticing how big your dick is?
Is your tank top felt? [No] Would you like it to be?
Ladies do you where there's a lot of female equipment for you to use.
Let's do lunge.
Lets play midget boxing, get on your knees and give me some blows
Me without you is like a sneaker without laces.
My adductor isn't the only thing that's longus.
My feelings for you are like diarrhea, I can't hold it in!
My personal trainer said I have to come over and talk to you for five minutes as part of my routine.
My personal trainer told me I had to come talk to you for five minutes as part of my routine.
My sudden protracted cardiac arrhythmia tells me I love you
Nice legs you have! What time do they open?
Nice legs. So, what time do they open?
Seeing that you're new here, let me show you where the water fountain is...the next drink's on me.
Sex burns 300 calories per hour, wanna exercise?
Sorry, but you owe me a water. ['Why?'] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
That Stairmaster isn't the only thing getting my heart rate up…
That's a stain on my bra top, isn't obvious? (pointing to the breast)
The weights in this gym just aren't heavy enough... would you mind sitting on my face while I do some crunches?
They say missionary position help men to work out the chest and triceps, is it true?
They say the best exercise is in the bedroom. That's where I get the most resistance
This elliptical isn't the only thing getting my heart rate up.
Wanna sample some of my SuperPump?
Wanna sit on my lap while I use the rowing machine?
We should train together, I've heard it's good for bone density. And I don't just mean my skeleton.
What has 145 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
What say we head over to GNC for a bottle of human growth hormone?
Word of the day is legs, wanna go back to my place and spread the word?
You don't need to waste your time on that treadmill, you've been running through my mind all day.
You got a new iPod. Should I get the 10 gig or the 30 gig?
You must be a track star because you've been runnin marathons through my mind ALL day.
You should probably leave. You're making the other girls look bad.
You would be in great shape if your body could run like your mouth.
Your dad must be a baker, ‘cuz you've got hot buns.
Your eyes are so blue im swimming in them
Your gloves are nice. Where did you get them?Are you a snake charmer? Want to charm my one-eyed snake?
Are you learning python? Check out the one I got in my pants.
Babe, I see you far away with the binocular power.
Babe, my snake can fit into any tight spot.
Babe, you sure know how to handle that snake. I would like you to handle mine tonight.
Girl, I got a snake that you could milk.
Girl, I got one rare trouser snake ready for you.
Girl, I heard you like snake, do you swallow like one?
Girl, I'll grow my Slither snake all night long for you.
Girl, my snake wants to eat all of you.
Girl, you got the magnetic power that suck away all of my little drops.
Girl, you made me the longest player of the night.
Girl, you make my snake grow.
Girl, your pussy is like a boa constrictor, it's killing me inside.
Hey girl I heard you like snakes? So let my tongue of snake slither all over you.
Hey Sexy, Slither my way.
I have a snake and he wants to enter your garden.
My slither snake is not complete without having a part of you.
My snake just got hard for you.
Sexy, you are keeping my snake hard on edge.
The longest lasting snake is the thickest one.
The trick to win the game is to target the tip of that head, want to try tonight in bed?
This snake is ready for a piece of action with you.
This snake is ready to slip right in you babe.
Wanna see my python? It's almost six feet long.
Want to come home with me and pet on my snake?
Want to see how I shed my snake's skin?
You could eat my snake anytime, just let me bump into your sweet spots.
You have trapped me at first sight.
A little Woodstock is chirping in my ear and tell me to come talk to you.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn’t hurt. (Charles Schulz)
Be yourself. No one can say you're doing it wrong. (Snoopy)
Call me Joe Cool. (Snoopy)
Call me World War I Flying Ace. Can I take you out for a ride?
Dear contributor, Thank you for submitting your Valentine... We regret to inform you that it does not suit our present needs.
Do you mind if I put you on 'HOLD'? Put me on 'Hug,' Chuck...
Goodbyes always make my throat hurt… I need more hellos. (Charlie Brown)
Happiness is anyone and anything that's loved by you. (Charles Schulz)
Hello pumpkin! (Linus)
Hey girl, I love what you did with MY Chevron Print.
I didn't say I am in love with you. I merely said I'm very fond of the ground on which you walk!
I don't mind you boss me around like Lucy.
I gave up trying to under stand people long ago. Now I let them try to understand me. (Charles Schulz)
I hope you always tag along with me.
I like you, Chuck. (Peppermint Petty)
I love the Chevron on your yellow shirt.
I promise my big nose will not get in the way.
I think every week should have a day in it when boys give presents to girls.
I think I've discovered the secret of life – you just hang around until you get used to it. (Charles Schulz)
I think I’m afraid to be happy because whenever I get too happy, something bad always happens. (Charlie Brown)
If you are Snoopy, I want to your Woodstock.
Is your name Schroeder? Because my love for you is unrequited love. (Lucy)
It's not a Woodstock in my pocket.
Keep looking up... that's the secret of life... (Snoopy)
Learn from yesterday, live for today, look to tomorrow, rest this afternoon. (Charles Schulz)
Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace. (Linus)
My heart does a little Snoopy dance every time I see you.
My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet Im happy. I cant figure it out. What am I doing right? (Charles Schulz)
Never fall in love with a musician.
No problem is so big or so complicated that it can't be run away from! (Charles Schulz)
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
Oh my Sweet Babboo! (Sally)
SMAK!
Someone is excited to see you and its not Woodstock.
Sometimes I lie awake at night and I ask, 'Why me?', then a voice answers 'Nothing personal, your name just happened to come up. (Charles Schulz)
There’s no heavier burden than a great potential! (Linus)
Wanna come home with me and watch star on the roof of my red roof?
Whats the good of living if you dont try a few things? (Charles Schulz)
Who needs security blanket when I got you. (Linus)
Why don't you don't let me try to find some sort of substitute for your blanket? ME.
Will you be my Snoopy?
Would you like to try my home made Valentines for the love of your life.
You are my favorite beagle.
You are my Little Red-Haired girl. (Charlie Brown)
You don't like me, do you?
You must be a piano/Beethoven, because you are all I think about. (Schroeder)
Are you a bull? Because I want to ride you.
Are you hay fever? Because you made me love sick.
Can I cover you with butter and grill you all night?
Did you just take a milk bath? Your skin are so soft and smooth.
Do you know a cow can lick its nose? I can't lick mine, but I can lick yours.
Do you like men who take herding seriously?
Do you live on a cow farm? Because you sure know how to milk a cow.
Don't have a cow... but I love your utters!
Ducks go quack, cows go moo, let me stick it in and you'll go 'Oooooh'.
Have you been to my farm? I make the best milkshakes.
Have you ever milked a cow before? Because your gonna need a bucket for this too.
Hello cowboy/cowgirl, love your boots.
Hello sexy, moove your body!
Hi. I'm horny.
Holy Cow! You look exactly like the woman in my dream
I bet we would raise good cows together.
I have a fevah. I think I need some more cowbell...
I love making cheese, do you?
I will worship you like how they worship a cow in India?
I would love to graze your field.
I'm great at hitting the bull's eye.
I’d like to raise your barn.
I’ll trade you a juicy cantaloupe for some of your cow's horn.
I’ve never seen a cow horn so big. Impressive.
If you were a grassland, I would graze you.
Moo with me.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, And they're like It's better than yours, Damn right it's better than yours, I can teach you, But I have to charge  I know you want it, The thing that makes me, What the guys go crazy for.
So what CAN you feed your cows and better yet, what can you hand feed me?
This may seem cheesy, but you make me really horny.
To me you're more special than Octavia the 8-legged cow.
You are so 'herd' (hot+nerd).
You can milk my cow anytime.
You know cow's horn are not the only thing that is pointy.
You must be the Happy Cow from California, because I want to say CHEESE.
You will look great naked on that cow hide carpet.
Are you an angel? Because I’m a dinosaur.
Are you an archaeologist? Because I have a bone you can exam.
Are you an excavation site? Because I dig you.
Are you checking out my fangs or should I walk by again? (sabretooth tiger)
Baby, I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Boy you as yummy as yellowcake, i ought to date you like Uranium-Series
C'mon Baby Light My Fire.
Can I hiber-mate with you through Ice Age?
Did I make you horny? (Triceratops)
Did you eat that tree without chewing or are you just happy to see me?
Dimetro-damn!
Do you want to read my body language?
Don’t let my tiny arms fool you.
Don’t like to beat around the bush? These are sure to do the trick:
Funny, you don't look Jurassic.
Girl, you must be a fossil sample and I must be an impatient paleontologist, because I want to date you badly.
Have you ever been dinosaur kissed? Allow me to demonstrate.
Hello caveman, you are tall, dark and strong. Would you like to mate?
Hey baby, do you wanna know why they call me erectus?
Hey baby, how about you keep me at arm's length? (T-rex)
Hey Baby, I wanna see your bedrock!
Hey baby, I’m a diplodocus—want to see my diplocockus?
Hey wanna come over for some bbq whole mammoth?
Hey, I’ve just discovered a bone in my pants, and I was wondering if you could date it.
Hey, wanna come over and examine my collection of Folsom points?
How about we take this to dance floor and I'll show you the Intertubercular Groove?
I always think BC stand for Before You Came Into My Life;
I can't help but notice your beautiful hair. Mind if I club you and drag you home with me?
I couldn’t help but notice that you’re not a b-rachiosaurus, but a DD-rachiosaurus.
I know how to plesiosaur a lady/man.
I know there extra letters, but only idiot expects a caveman to spell.
I like your hotspot.
I pray to the Great Spirit that not make him die.
I'm going to cast a spell on you like Azande witch doctors
I’d like to excavate your site.
I’d wish you’d stegosaurus the night.
I’m hornier than a styracosaurus.
I’m hung like an Apatosaurus.
I’m not a megalodon, but I’ve got a mega-long-dong.
is that a club under your felt or are you just happy to see me?
Jurrassic-ing me back to your place? Okay!
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist right?
Let's go make a cave baby of our own.
Let’s forget the carbon and move straight to the dating!
Let’s have some tyrannosaurus sex.
Let’s pretend you’re full of C14 so I can date you.
Looking to overcompensate? Check these out:
Me Homo Erectus! Stop laughing, that not mean me gay!
Me Makey Your Bed Go BOOM BOOM! U Go Home With Me!
Me Tarzan, you Jane.
Me teach you a new dance, the Bedrock and roll. It save Fred Flintstone's marriage after Barney did the Bamm-Bamm with Wilma in the gravel pit
My love for you shines brighter than the meteor that’s heading right for us.
My, my you are a special find.
One ankylosaurus says to another, 'Hey, you wanna go clubbin’'.
Rub my wool? (Mammoth)
So, wanna get dirty?
StegosaurME and StegosaurYou belong together do you get the message? (Stegosaurus)
That a new club in your loincloth or you happy to see me?
This bone may not date to the Jurassic Period, but it’s still rock hard.
Ugg
Wanna extract some minerals from my bone?
Wanna see my woolly mammoth?
Wanna share a trench?
Wanna watch my dinosaur evolve?
Wanna yabba dabba do it?
Watch Out For That Thagomizer!
We no have wheels yet? You make my head spin round.
We should carbon date because our half-life would approach eternity.
What a nice pair of platform mounds you got there!
What's your favorite move? Mine is LICK.
When I'm around you, I am in ice age. I am hoping this will break the ice...
Why did you have to end the Ice Age by being so hot?
Why don’t we mosey-osaur over to my place?
Why don’t you Triassic a little tenderness?
Why go for the b-rachiosaurus, when you could go for the D-rachiosaurus.
Would you like to examine my bone?
Would you like to see my totem ?
You are dino-mite!
You as hairy as a mammoth; and it really turning me on!
You bring out the caveman in me.
You can dig up my bone any day./It wouldn’t take much digging to get to my bone.
You could melt an iceman's heart.
You know what they say about a dinosaur with long neck... (Apatosaurus)
You know what they say about a man with a large crest.
You know what they say about brachiosaurs: the neck’s not the only thing that’s disproportionately long.
You light me on fire; Stop it! Fire bad!
You like clubbing? Really? Hey, look over there!
You make me horny. (Triceratops)
You make my head spin round and round like a wheel.
You make my heart fly like a Pterodactyl.
You must be the La Brea tar pits, cuz I want to get my bone stuck in that.
You put the 'ass' in Jurassic!
You should come home with me, because I’ll make you dino-sore.
You smell good. Want some a these fresh crunchy green grasshoppers i just caught?
You're like my Sacrum. Without you I would probably fall apart.
You’re at the triceratops of my food chain.
You’re the tricera-tops
Your beauty is more striking than the preservation of Ötzi the Iceman!
Your cave or mine?
Are you a fly guy? Because you sweep me off my feet.
Are you a termite? Because you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
Are you good at dissecting insects? Good. There's something I want you to see inside my fly.
Bee mine.
Bee my love.
Bee my drone.
Bee my honey.
Bee my queen.
Boy: 'So you going to be a butterfly all night?' Girl: (puzzled look) Boy: 'You know, pretty to see but hard to catch!'
Do you have some bug spray? Because I have butterflies in my tummy
Don't worry, that ain't web fluid. (Spider)
Every day with you is like a honeymoon.
Gimme a buzz and I'll bee yours.
Hey baby, what do you say we go out for a bite! (Mosquito)
Hi, do you dissect insects for scientific research? (No, why?) I thought you might want to look inside my fly.
High five! Oops! I guess you're stuck with me.
Honey, I'm stuck on you.
Honey, you're the bee's knees!
Honey, your thorax is huge!
How about we get together and cross pollinate?
I don't think you're ready for my royal jelly.
I got fleas! [Me, too] Wanna scratch my private itches? [Sure]
I used to waste time chasing butterflies , but nowadays because of you, I have them in my stomach.
I want you more than a Giant Sider wants light.
I will be happy to bite you.
I'm getting kinda hungry. Wanna have sex? (Female Praying Mantis)
I’m the flower, you’re the bee. Why don’t you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
If I was a fruit fly, I'd land on you first. Because you are so sweet.
If you were a bee, I'd keep you!
Is that your stinger? Or are you just pleased to see me?
My heart beeats for you.
My spidey sense isn't the only thing tingling.
Pollinate me.
So what do you say later on we go out for some coffee table? (Termite)
This might sting...
Wanna do the waggle dance?
Want to see my butt glow?
What is the difference between me and mosquito? A mosquito will stop sucking once you slap it.
Yeah, my great great grandfather was Jimmy!! (Cricket)
You're bee-utiful.
You're like a butterfly beautiful to see but hard to catch.
You're so hot, you make my colony collapse!
You're sweeter than honey
Your like a bright light and im like a bug, because im so darn attracted to you.
Your sister said you were ugly, so keep my eyes covered and let's get on with it!
Are those fangs or are you just happy to see me?
Are you a ghost? Because you’ve been haunting my dreams.
Baby, you’re so beautiful, I’d take 1,000 bites just to get one kiss from you.
Don’t worry, I won’t impale you with a stake.
Hey big boy, I bet you can stay up all night.
Hey girl! Wanna go out for a bite.
How about joining me for a bite.
How would you like to be immortal for just one night?
I can make your heart beat again.
I can really suck the life out of you.
I love a girl with brains, but not in the zombie way.
I suck. You suck. Let’s make this a party.
I turn into an animal in bed. No really, I’m serious.
I want to suck your blood... and your toes.
I wish you were a vampire so we could do some necking.
I’m a 500 year old cougar, And the best you’ll ever have.
I’m a vampire in the streets, But a real devil in the sheets.
If I said you have a beautiful corpse, would you hold it against me?
If i was a vampire I'd bite you.
If you were a blood type you'd be my favorite.
If you were blood I'd suck you.
If you’re a vampire: I want to suck your blood. But I won’t. Edward and Bella made it work. Sorta.
If your boobs were a blood type it would be double A's
Is it true what they say about lady vampires? That they really know how to suck?
Is that a scab on your arm, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that bloodlust I’m sensing — or just lust?
Is there anything human left in you? Would you like some?
Is there room for two in your coffin?
It’s a good thing we’re not in a horror movie. The pretty girl always goes first.
It’s almost midnight. I can’t wait to see what you turn into.
One hour with me and you’ll be seeing THREE reflections in a mirror.
Rigor mortis means lasting power.
Something's wrong with my teeth. They keep thinking about your neck.
That’s a nice looking cape. It would look even nicer on the floor at the foot of my bed.
They say my blood is the sweetest. Wanna find out how the rest me tastes?
Want to find out what I turn into at midnight?
Will you turn into a bat for me? A long, hard one?
You drive me batty.
You have permission to enter me anytime.
You look dead sexy. Literally.
You look good enough to eat.
You sound English. I can show you a bloody good time.
You're like the sun you're so hot you make my blood boil.
You're so beautiful I think my heart just stopped. Wow it really did!
You’re like the sun you’re so hot you make my blood boil.
You’re so beautiful, Van Helsing wouldn’t kill you.
You’re so sexy, you make me want to whip something out — and it’s not a crucifix.
Your eyes are like my skin, sparkles in the sun.
Your life would suck without me... oh wait it will suck with me.
Are you a carbon-based model?
Are you an alien, because you abducted my heart long ago.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Didn't I just see you on YouTube?
Do you want me to probe you?
Do you work for NASA? Because you’re out of this world.
Have you eve had a close encounter of the pantless kind?
Hey baby, wanna take a ride in my saucer?
Hey, I know what your thinking, but, that's no tail...
Hi there, wanna flux?
How do I know you're not Photoshopped or CGI?
How do you debunk an alien? By throwing him/her out of bed.
I wonder what our kids would look like.
I’d like to wrap my 36 arms around you.
I’m currently experiencing 10,000 Gs of LUV.
If a star fell every time I thought of you, the sky would be dark at night.
If a star fell every time I thought of you, the sky would be pitch black.
If you think a meteor is hard, you should see what you are doing to my missile.
If you were a laser, you’d be set on “stunning.”
Is your dad an astronaut? Because he stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
My planet wasn't big enough for my d***.
No, as a matter of fact, I want to see your leader.
Of all the planets in all the solar systems in all the galaxies, you walked into mine…
On my planet, we need three different beings to have sex ... but for you, I'll make an exception
Show me your muff and you will see where my mouth really is.
So what's your star sign?
So, where's Elvis?
Venus must be missing a Venusian
Want an out-of-this-world experience?
Want to join the thousand-mile-high club?
What did the Alien say to the cow? I'm gonna mootilate you!
What goes faster than the speed of light? Me getting the hell outta there when I first saw your ship!
What's a nice girl like you doing in a galaxy like this?
Where have you been, for the first 900 years of my life?
Why do so many of you show up in Vegas?
You know what's faster than the speed of light? My heart when I just think of you.
You know your eyes shine like the twin suns on my home planet.
You look familiar, have I probed you before?
Your eyes glow just like the twin suns on my home planet.
Are we in the litter box? Because I'm diggin' you.
Are you a bag of treats? Because I wanna sample you.
Are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect.
Are you feline the connection between us?
Are you one of them hot cougars that pick up young willing men?
Are you part beaver? Because daaaaam.
Baby, we only got 9 lives.
Baby, you put the T in tuna
Be mine it's meow or never
Can i spend all my 9 lives with you?
Can you take me to the vet, because you just took my breath away.
Cat call me.
Dinner and a mewvie?
Do you live in a corn field? Because I'm stalking you.
Don't be a player hating
Don't purrcrastnate just be mine
Girl you must be the back of my paw cuz i want to lick you constantly.
Hey, look what the cat dragged in
How you feline? Cause you purrfect, I’m not kitten!
I am feline (feeling)fine now i have seen you.
I have a cat, she would like to meet you.
I hope you have pet insurance, because I’m about to destroy your pussy.
I like cats more than dogs.
I like you furry much
I love cats. I heard you have a nice pussy. Can i play with her?
I will make you purrrrr!
I will pawlways love you
I'd give up one of my 9 lives for you
I'd like to get your tongue.
I'm feline fine now I have seen you.
I'm not high on nip, I'm just intoxicated with you.
I’ll make you purrrrrrrrr.
If i said you have nice fur, would you hold it against me?
If I were a cat, I'd spend all 8 lives with you
Just call me Puss in Boots
Let me take meowt on a date
Let's litter.
Let's make hisstory.
Let's make like fabric softener and snuggle.
Meet me at kitty corner.
Meet me by the dead bird.
Meet me by the mangled mouse.
Mind if I sniff your butt?
My cat's dead, can I play with your pussy instead?
My dick is like catnip, it'll make a cougar like you go wild.
My love for you is like a hairball -- I can't hold it in.
My vet says I'm lacking in vitamin U.
Now that's a stray cat strut
Psst.. Hey babe, I got some nip
Show me some catnip.
Since i met you i feel like the cat who got the cream.
Tail me you love me
Tell me what makes you meow
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back home
They call me the cat whisperer, cause I know exactly what the pussy needs.
They say the early bird catches the worm, but girl you can show up at any time and still get a bite.
Want to see some hairballs?
We'd make the purrfect couple
What's a babe like you doing in a dump like this?
Where have you been all my lives?
Will you be my meow?
You 'complete meow me'
You amewse me
You must have been sleeping in the sun, because you are HOT.
You remind me off a leopard... or a tiger. Either way, I don't mind the claws
You're my pajamas.
Your the cats whiskers.
If I were a rabbit, I'd jump in your hole!
Are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect.
Are you a great white shark, cause you look like you wanna swallow me whole.
Are you a shark, cause I got some swimmers for you to swallow.
Are you a sheep cause your body is unbaaaaalievable
Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
Are you a unicorn cause you are my fantasy.
Are you from Narnia? ‘cuz you sure make my lion roar.
Are you the energizer bunny cause you just keep going and going through my mind.
Are your other donkeys jealous because that's one fine ass.
Babe, your cuter than a puppy at an animal shelter, Cuz i want to take you home!
Baby you be the tree, and I'll wrap around you like a koala bear.
Baby, you're like a championship bass. I don't know whether to mount you or eat you!
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control cause I just saw a fox!
Did I ever mention that I'm a Navy Seal?
Did you grow up on a chicken farm? (NO) Because I heard you were good at raising cocks!
Do you handle chickens because your good with cocks.
Do you have some bug spray? Because I have butterflies in my tummy
Do you know how much a polar bear weighs? (no) me neither but enough to break the ice, hi my name is .....
Do you know what a Timber wolf is? No. That's a guy that chases a girl up a tree and kisses her in between the limbs.
Do you like bald eagles? (Yeah, why) Then spread for me!
Do you like Sea World, because your about to be in my splash zone
Do you raise chickens? Because you raise my cock.
Do you wanna play lion tamer? she asks: 'What is that?' you say: It's when you get on all fours and I put my head in your mouth.
Does your daddy have a pet owl? Because you are a hoot.
Does your pussy smell like fish because I like sushi
Excuse me, but do you like whales? (yeah, why) Cause I was thinking that we could 'humpback' at my place.
From a frog: Hey baby, it's a future rose from a future prince.
Girl your like a trophy bass I dont know whether to eat you or mount you!
Girl, if you were a camel, I'd hump you!
Girl, if you were a chicken you'd be impeccable.
Girl, if you were a dinosaur, you'd be a Gorgeousaurus
Girl, we can play zoo..and you can tame my monkey.
Great big polar bear(she says what?) It broke the ice!
Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? (Pull your pockets inside out….) Would you like to?
Have you ever milked a cow before? cause your gonna need a bucket for this too.
Hey Baby did you know they call me Yoggie Bear (no why?) Because im always chasing after the Honey!
Hey baby, wanna play lion? OK. You go kneel right there and I'll throw you my meat.
Hey girl i heard you like snakes so let my snake sliver all over you
Hey girl, are you a pure bred, because you just Russian Blue me away.
Hey girl, where have you fin all my life?
Hi, I'm a birdwatcher and I'm looking for a Big-Breasted Bed thrasher, Do you know where i can find one?
I heard your into dinosaurs...well imma Lickalotofpuss
I must have been a real good boy, because you're a real treat.
I'm a lion: Meow
I'm no rooster, but watch what this cock-a-do-to-you
I’m the flower, you’re the bee. Why don’t you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
If I was a squirrel I'd chuck my nuts in your hole!
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
If I were a rabbit, I'd jump in your hole!
If you and I were squirrels, could I bust a nut in your hole?
If you were a farmer i would let you choke my chicken
If you were a fish tank, I would tap that!
If you where a sheep I would clone you
Is that shirt (those pants) mad of camel skin? (No, why?) Cause I noticed the humps!
It's hunting season and fox like you shouldn't be out in the open!
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Life's a jungle let's go to your place and fuck like animals!
My cat's dead, can I play with your pussy instead?
My dick is like catnip, it'll make a cougar like you go wild.
Nice Camel....(look down then up)... Wanna hump?
Oh, I was staring at you? Buzzsted...
Polly wanna tap that
Remember Finding Nemo, because in a minute you'll be finding out I nemo p***y
So I hear you like snakes...I have one its called a 'trouser snake'
Someone told me you like Owls, Well you'll love the way Owl give you this dick
Take me to the loony bin, because you're bacon me crazy.
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back home
They call me the cat whisperer, cause I know exactly what the pussy needs.
They say the early bird catches the worm, but girl you can show up at any time and still get a bite.
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice? her: what? you: it breaks the ice. hi, i'm (your name)
Yo baby, mind if I crab your ass?
You are one hoot mama!
You must be my backyard, because I really dig you.
You wanna see a donkey show?
You're like a prize winning fish... I dont know whether to eat you or mount you.
Your breast must be made of sand, because I want to bury my head in them.
Your like a bright light and im like a bug, because im so darn attracted to you.
Your pussy is in more danger than a seal during Shark Week.
Girl, I'll make you so wet I won't even need to be in the ocean. But, can we go to the ocean?, 'cause, yeah, I need to be in the ocean.
Hi. I'm Batman.
I may be Batman, but you're Robin my heart
I may be blind, but my braille skills tell me you've got some fine humps.
I'm Bruce Wayne.
There's a reason they call me Bat man – if you know what I mean…okay, I'm talkin' about my penis.
Wanna meet Alfred?
We can do it in the bat-mobile.
Do you wish to compute?
I'm lonely; wanna probe?
Maybe you should let my fist of fury invade your secret lair
You know what girl, I can hit all the right spots.
If you're lady liberty. Can I be your Captain America?
Sure I defeated Red Skull…twice today. Because that's what I call masturbation.
When I'm done with you, you'll be singing God Bless Captain America
Come with me to the dark side. Unless you enjoy sex with the lights on.
I call him Little Deadpool. He breaks down the fourth wall and your bed.
I can utilize 90% of my brain, but baby, you can do all the work.
Hey baby, want to see what the REAL Ultimate Nullifier looks like?
Four sweatervests!
I'm stretchy like my spandex onesie.
Whadda you say we call The Thing And The Invisible Woman and have a Fantastic Foursome?
Don't worry, babe. I'm only quick on my feet.
Hi, I'm The Flash, AAAAAAND…we just had sex, 47 times.
Can you leap over tall buildings in a single bound? Because you'll need that ability to be on top
Damn girl, do you think about your mother with those thoughts? Because now I have an idea…
Do you know how good it feels without a cape?
Do you wanna know how I got these scars? Oral.
Have you ever been taken up against a wall? How about a wall 40 feet in the air?
I am so into you that I would totally catch you before you hit the ground if you fell off of a building.
I would finger you, but I would disembowel you by accident so may be just fuck me
I'll bet you're a Beast in the bedroom.
It's a bird, it's plane, it's me leaving your house the next morning!
Not everything's mutated, if you know what I'm sayin'
On your mark, get set, glow!
We've lived a thousand lives, and fallen in love every time. It's okay if you don't remember. Just trust me.
You know how when I touch you, I become sort of like you? Well, have you ever considered bottoming?
Look, it's a long story. But yes, the green arrow.
In brightest day, in darkest night, I'll rub you down and do you right.
Just follow the light.
We will have a good time by the power of … Greyskull, yeah, that's it! Greyskull!
I want to shoot my arrow into your Hawkeye.
They call me He- Man because of me and my giant dick.
I'm really into BDSM–you'll really like me when I get angry
Imma Hulk SMASH that pussy!
Put me in the right mood, and I can be a beast in bed. Literally.
What has 142 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
Go easy on me, okay? I sometimes burst into flames.
I hope you don't mind heat, 'cause I've got a strong urge to get my flame on.
Was your daddy the Human Torch, ‘cuz you on FIRE, Girl.
My metal suit isn't the only reason they call me Iron Man.
My name is Tony Stark, and yes, my tower is as impressive as they say it is.
Will you be my… Iron Maiden?
I wanna go all '50 Shades of Jean Grey' on your fine ass.
When I kissed you, I saw fireworks. Or Jubilee. Either way.
Nothing stops the Juggernaut.....from getting inside that booty!
If you give me your phone number, I will allow you to retain your individuality when my Doomsday device enslaves all humanity.
Hi. I'm Tom Hiddleston.
I am Loki from Asgard, and I am burdened with GLORIOUS purpose! NOW KNEEL!!! Yeah, right down there, Baby…that's right, you get down on your knees and take it aaaaaalllll…
Hey girl. I can teach you a thing or two about attraction.
Ever gotten a telepathic orgasm from a man in a wheelchair?
Wanna advance human-mutant relationships?
Riddle Me This: 'If I asked you to be my girlfriend, would the answer to that question be the same as the answer to this one?'
SHAZAM! Here's my penis.
This ring can make any thought I have into a construct, but babe, you're better than any thought.
People of Eternia! I stand before the Great Eye of the galaxy. Chosen by destiny to join with this beautiful woman standing before my empty eye-sockets! This inevitable moment will transpire before your eyes, even as He-Man himself bears witness to it. Now. I, Skeletor, will make this woman my eternal lover! YES! Yes... I feel it, the sexual tension... fills me. Yes, I feel the tension within me! KNEEL BEFORE YOUR MASTER!
Ever used a sex swing made of spiderwebs?
I take the 69 to a whole new level.
I'd spray my webs all over you, girl. All over.
I've gotten a lot better at catching women who've been thrown off bridges.
You must be a bad girl, because my Spidey senses sure are tingling south.
You must be a fly, 'cause I want to wrap you up and take you to my web.
Oh, you can conjure a storm? Well you're conjuring a storm in my pants right now
Be mine or die.
Did it hurt when you got kicked out of heaven because your the evil angel for me?
I am your world to rule my love.
I can conquer countries, worlds and galaxies. But you are my ultimate conquest.
I will rule the world.
We shall conquer our world together.
As it happens, the suit does come off.
As the last survivor of Krypton, I have a duty to make sure my race doesn't end with me.
Did I hit you with my heat vision? Because you are on fire.
Did it hurt–when I looked in your eyes and forgot I had laser vision and seared your corneas?
Do you have heat vision, too? Because you can melt my heart with just a look.
Ever wanted to see Metropolis from the air?
Excuse me, I'm from another planet. Can you teach me about human anatomy?
Girl, I want you so bad that I'm a Man of Steel. Just look down my pants and you'll see.
Hey, baby, wanna come back to my fortress of solitude?
I can fly anywhere in the solar system, but only you can take me to heaven.
I can see anything within miles of here, but there's nothing I'd rather look at than you.
I could be anywhere on the planet 30 seconds from now... wanna come along for the ride?
I think your clothes are made of Kryptonite, we've got to get rid of them immediately.
I've flown right up to the surface of the sun, but that doesn't compare to what I felt when I first looked at you.
It's a good thing I've got freeze breath, because you look dangerously hot.
Let's go back to your place and I'll show you where I keep my wallet.
My aura can make anything invulnerable as long as I keep it really close.
My weakness isn't Kryptonite, it's your ass
They call me the Man of Steel. Well, at least, parts of me are anyways.
They say I can do just about anything, but I wish I had the power to look that good!
They say I'm faster than a speeding a bullet. Want to find out?
Wanna go see the wonders of the world?
Wanna see the real reason they call me the Man of Steel?
You know, I can hold my breath for 20 minutes...
You know, I once lifted a whole rocket into orbit. Wanna find out how high I can take you?
You know, if I hold someone really close, they become invulnerable. Wanna help me find out if I can transfer any other powers?
You must be made of Kryptonite because being around you makes my knees weak.
You'll be surprised to find that I really have no weakness, especially in my 'crib tonight'.
Ever hook up with a god? Didn't think so.
I'm gonna do you so hard you'll be Thor the next day.
Mjolnir isn't the only hammer I've got
BACK OFF HARVEY! I SAW HER FIRST!!
Wanna have a threesome?
Want to see what I can do with my tongue?
Going to bed, eh? I suppose you wouldn't mind if I Slytherin..
My name is War Machine, but the only war I fight is my love for you
I'm the best there is at whom I do.
Your Wonder Twins are activating that sweater, Baby.
Do you even know what I can do with ben-wa balls and my magnetism powers?
Oh, you will kneel before Zodd…
A good captain goes down with his ship, wanna go down with me?
All hands on deck!
Anchor's away.
Approach your target and place your arm on their nearest shoulder: If you were a pirate, would you place your parrot on THIS shoulder or...(put your arm around them and touch the other shoulder) THIS shoulder?
Arg baby, Arg.
Arharrr, care to sink my battleship deary?
Arrrrrrrrrrrrr you free this Saturday?
Avast, me pretty! Strike your panties and prepare to be boarded. 
Avast, me proud beauty! Wanna know why my Roger is so Jolly?
Aye, I guarantee ye, I've had a twenty percent decrease in me 'lice ratio!' (Female Pirate)
Baby, my ship was sunk till I saw you.
Baby, you unfurl my sails.
Bring on the storm, I like it rough.
Brwaack! Polly want a cracker? … Oh, wait. That's for Talk Like a PARROT Day.
C'mon, lad, shiver me timbers! (Female Pirate)
Can I wear your patch ?
Come dock in my port.
Come on up and see me urchins.
Come show me how ye bury yer treasure, lad! (Female Pirate)
Do ya' mind if the parrot watches? 
Do you have the latest copy of Windows XP with cracked product activation? (software pirates only) 
Haaaarrrr! Best me plug that blowhole!
Harrrrr! Let me create the 8th sea in yerr undies!
Have ya ever met a man with a real yardarm?
Hey, sexy -- how about a Jolly Rogering? 
How'd you like to scrape the barnacles off of me rudder?
I got a bad case of scurvy…and your grapefruits are the only cure
I got me a bad case of scurvy, and your grapefruits are the only cure!
I hope you like to matey, because I'm about to swab your deck.
I like me some pirate booty.
I must be huntin' treasure, 'cause I'm diggin' yer chest!
I sure would like to pillage yer booty.
I'd love to drop anchor in your lagoon.
I'd love to drop anchor in your lagoon.
I'd swab your deck any day.
I'll be the captain if you be my first mate.
I'll beat your armada any day.
I'll bet you can't find my buried treasure. 
I'll give you a British pound and two gold coins.
I'll let you in on a big secret... that's no peg leg!
I'll pillage your ship!
I've crushed seventeen men's skulls between me thighs! (Female Pirate)
I've sailed the seven seas, and you're the sleekest schooner I've ever sighted.
Imma cut to the chase…you wanna hook-up?
Is that a belayin' pin in yer britches, or are ye... (Female Pirate)
Is that a cutlass in your pants or aarrrrrrrrrrrr you just happy to see me treasure chest?
Is that an 'X' on the seat of your pants? Because it appears that there's wond'rous booty buried underneath!
It may take a while to get to England in a row boat, but good things take time.
It would make me Jolly if we could Roger.
Just because one eye is patched doesn't mean I don't see how beautiful you are.
Let me stick me cannon in your porthole.
Let's get together and haul some keel.
Let's have a treasure hunt, cause X marks the spot.
Let's walk the plank to an out of this world experience.
Let's weigh anchor.
Me skull and crossbones arn't the only thing I plan on raisin' tonight. 
Nice poop deck on ya, lassie. Care fer a swabbin'? 
Not only do I have a ship, but it's a long one.
One look at you and a shiver went up me timber
Pardon me, but would ya mind if I fired me cannon through your porthole?
Polly wants a crack-whore.
RAMMING SPEED! (Female Pirate)
See this hook? Variable speed with five alternate attachments, Baby. 
So you're the new cabin boy, eh? 
So, tell me, why do they call ye, ''Cap'n Feathersword?'' (Female Pirate)
Strike yer panties and prepare to be boarded, lassie!
Swabbing the decks IS a euphemism. (The author's would like to thank Hetalia: Axis Powers for the preceding line.)
That's not an echo, my parrot thinks you're sexy too.
That's quite a cutlass ye got thar, what ye need is a good scabbard! (Female Pirate)
That's some treasure chest you've got there.
That's the finest pirate booty I've ever laid eyes on.
They don't call me Long John because my head is so big.
Wanna come back to my home port and see my dock?
Wanna see my Davie Jones?
Wanna shiver me timbers?
Wanna take a ride in my crows nest?
Want to see my 9mm?
Well blow me down?
Well call me a landlubber, 'cause I'm about to plunder your Treasure Island.
What are YOU doing here? (Female Pirate)
WOW! I bet we could fit SIXteen men on that chest! 
Ya certainly put the shiver in me timber!
Ya know, darlin', I'm 97 percent chum free.
Yer guilty of being a hot wench. I sentence you to walking my plank!
Yes, that is a hornpipe in my pocket and I am happy to see you.
Yo ho ho! How bout a bottle Of rum? Drink up cause we're about to get swashbuckled!
Yo ho! Bottle of rum? Drink up cause we're about to get swashbuckled!
Yo, ho ho! How 'bouts a bottle of rum?
Yo, ho! Bottle of rum? 
You blow my cannons.
You can lock my in your brig, baby.
You can sail my seven seas. 
You don't have to pay to get on board my ship.
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
You raise my Jolly Roger.
You want to adjust my rigging?
You. Pants Off. Now! (Female Pirate)
You're drinking a Salty Dog? How'd you like to try the real thing?
You're guilty of being a hot wench…i sentence you to walking my plank
You're just the tasty wench I've been keeping me eye out for! 
2500 years is not *that* much of an age difference!
Baby, I'd be a cotton-headed ninny muggins to let you go.
Banging Banging's my favorite
Did I miss any??
Do you have Elf in you? Would you like to?
Do you prefer it with the Light of Earendil on, or off?
Dobby will always protect you from STI's.
Even Santa doesn't make candy as sweet as you.
Girl, you just gave me Mirkwood.
Has anyone ever told you you have beautiful knees?
He's gay.
Hey babe, I'm free on Christmas Eve.
I can eat my weight in cocktail wieners
I can get you off the naughty list
I don’t wiggle my ears for just anyone, you know.
I get a thimbleful of tequila in me and I turn into a wild man.
I have certain needs that can't be satisfied by working on toys
I hear we're both into dwarves.
I invented the Naughty List…
I may be claymation, but I'm stiff where it counts.
I taught Santa everything he knows.
I think I just got struck by Cupid’s antler… And yes, I mean 'antler'.
I used to be a lawn ornament for Brad Pitt.
I was once a lawn ornament for ‘NSync. Want to meet them?
I was once a lawn ornament for John Bon Jovi
I'm a magical being. Take off your bra.
I'm an excellent shot. I *always* hit what I aim for.
I'm down here
I'm not Elmo, but don't stop tickling.
I've got the keys to the sleigh tonight.
I've mastered the 'Elvish Tongue'... Want a demonstration?
I’m a magical being. Can I try to make your top and bra disappear?
If you're lucky, I'll put you on the naughty list.
Is it chilly in here? 'Cuz you give me snow flurries!
Is that Lembas bread or are you just happy to see me?
Just because a guy wears tights and pointy slippers doesn't mean 
Just because I’ve got bells on my shoes, doesn’t mean I’m a sissy.
Let's go back to my sweet pad. I've got a waterbed. Wink.
Mistress provides Dobby with clothes? Naughty.
My candy canes are ribbed for your pleasure.
My nose may be cold, but my heart is warm.
My treehouse or yours?
Nice tunic! It would look great on the floor by my bed.
Nice view from down here!
No, no. I don’t bake cookies. You’re thinking of those dorks over at Keebler.
Not everything about me is tiny!
People tell me I look like Cupid.
Santa’s busy... You can sit on my lap!
That's quite a set of ornaments you've got there.
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is to orgasm loud for all to hear.
There're plenty more arrows where that came from.
There's a reason why they stopped calling us 'The Little People'.
There’s no height limit on love!
Tiny hands give better backrubs.
Trust me; I'm a good stocking stuffer.
We don't see many happenin' ladies north of the Arctic Circle.
Why, yes, I AM George Stephanopoulos.
Yeah it's pointy too.
You bring out the Yeti in me!
You know what they say about guys with big ears.
You, me, Santa, and the Mrs. whaddya say?
You'd look great in a Raggedy Ann wig.
You're so sweet I'd put you on my spaghetti.
Your eyes are as green as the moss that grows on rotting trees.A: Wanna go get some pizza and then have sex at my place?? B: No.. B: U don't like pizza? Some chinees then?
Are you a computer technician? Because you turn my hardware into software.
Are you a dementor? Because you take my breath away.
Are you a fart? Because you just blew me away.
Are you an erection? Because you're growing on me.
Are you an ornithologist?... because my penis is incredibly swollen with blood.
Are you free anytime soon? No. I'm very expensive
are you from subway because you givin me a footlong
Are you from tennessee? Because it looks like your missing some teeth.
Are you on your period, because there's a blood stain on your pants
Are your parents retarded? Because you sure are special.
Baby, do you know karate? Your body is kickin'! I do actually. Would your crotch like a demonstration?
Baby, I love every muscle in your body... Especially mine.
Because you are not very attractive I figure you have low selfesteem. I will prey on your poor selfimage for shortterm sexual gratification. Also, you are really drunk. OK.
BOY: I love you GIRL: (sneezes) sorry im allergic to bullshit
Boy: If i can rearrange the keyboard, i'll put U and I next to each other Girl: It's already together dumbass
Boy: my **** is 10 inches girl: mine's too
Boy:Nice hair Girl: (removes the wig) there you go! have fun
Can I buy you a drink? Go ahead, but only if you buy my boyfriend one too!
can i buy you a drink? i buy you a taxi?
Can I have your name? Why? Don’t you already have one?
Can I have your number? I don't have one.
Can I have your number? Sure. Twelve.
Can you leave your door unlocked and your underwear drawer open when you go to work?
Damn, girl, you're hot... You look just like my mom.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because it looks like you landed on your face.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?Did it hurt when they kicked you out of hell?
Did the lord take the thunder from the skies, and put it in your thighs?
Did you fall from heaven? Because the ground around you looks like it's cracked.
Do you believe in love at first sight or do I need to beat you again?
Do you believe in love at first sight or do you want me to walk by again? Yeah, but this time don't stop!
Do you know karate? Because I wanna know if you can fight back!
Do you know karate? Because I'd like to kick you in the face.
Do you wanna dance?Yeah but not with you!You must have misunderstood me, I said you look fat in those pants!
Do you work at Subway? Because you just gave me a footlong
Do you work for UPS? Because i could swear that you were checking out my package.
Do Your feet hurt? Because you've been stomping on my dreams for 3 years now
Does beauty run in your family? It obviously doesn't in yours!
Does the carpet match the drapes? Do I look bald?
Does this rag smell like chloroform?
Does this rag smell like ether? MMMPPPHHRPHRRG!
Don't scream
Don't turn this **** into a murder.
Don't worry, I love fat birds....why are you crying?
Drink this!
Female=You Son of a B*tch! Male=Hi Mum!
Get your coat love.
Girl, I wish you were a car door, because I'd slam you all night
Girl, you must be a parking ticket. Because you got 'Please pay within 30 days. Failure to do so you will face prosecution at the local court.' written all over you.
Girl: 'In all of my years, I've never laid eyes on a more attractive, sensitive, and understanding man. With all of my heart, I adore you. Your eyes are pools of heavenly water, teeming with life and love; your succulent smile crafted as elegantly as Mona Lisa's. Your words could move nations; your voice could soothe beasts. Do me the ultimate pleasure of accepting my eternal devotion to you.' Boy: 'I'm gay.'
Guy: (Walks up to girl) 'I do not think it is a girls body that makes her special, it is her personality that really counts'. Girl: 'Well that's to bad because you can't have sex with my personality'. (Then walks away)
Go on ,don’t be shy. Ask me out. Okay, get out.
Guy : Do you have a mirror in your pocket? Girl : No, why? Guy : Because I can totally see myself in your pants!
Guy: are you AT&T because you are raising my bar Girl: Sorry I use Verizon. it has better 4G coverage
Guy: Do you wanna be the sun of my life? Girl: Ok sure Guy: Then go stand 13. billion miles away from me
Guy: Girl, I wish you were a car door, because I'd slam you all night Girl: Well I have a car, how about I run you over with it instead?
guy: hey do you know how to sly a dragon? girl:No. guy: well your no help.
Guy: I believe in women's rights. That's what women deserve. Girl: Oh really? Because I was just gonna go make you a sandwich and get in bed with you, but I guess not...
Guy: If you look at your keyboard, you see U and I together. Girl: Look underneath. It says JK.
Guy: What're you doing Friday night? Girl: Not you.
Guy: You look two times as beautiful with makup on. Girl: Really? I think you would too.
Have you met Ted?
Haven't I seen you someplace before?Yes, that's why I don't go there anymore.
Haven't we met before?Yes, I'm the receptionist at the V.D. Clinic.
He: Do you like aardvarks? She: No. He: Neither do I, I'm Harold...
He: Let me be the reason you're up all night. She: You will be. I always wake up when I have nightmares.
Hello im a thief and I'm here to steal your purse
Hello my name is Horny and... oops... I got it wrong didn't I?
Hey baby, how do you like your eggs in the morning? Unfertilized.
Hey baby, let's play “carpenter.” First we get hammered then I nail you!You didn't bring enough wood.
Hey baby, wanna make $50?
Hey baby, you like sea food? Because I've got crabs!
Hey baby, you make me wanna get a job.
Hey baby, you must be a general because you're making my privates stand at attention.Hmm... They're still Major disappointment.
Hey cutie, how 'bout you and I hitting the hot spots? Sorry, I don't date outside my species.
Hey girl how much does a polar bear weigh? An adult male weighs around 350–680 kg (770–1,500 lb),while an adult female is about half that.
Hey good looking, where've I seen you before? I'm one of the nurses at the plastic surgery department. Want another visit?
Hey I used to be a man, but I'm pretty horny.
Hey there little girl there is a party down my pants you want to come? Oh I'm sorry i don't speak Herpes.
Hey wanna smash pissers?
Hey you should let me have sex with you! Why? Because I'm going to do it anyway!
Hey, baby, what's your sign? Do not Enter
Hey, baby, What's your sign? Stop.
Hey, come on, we're both here at this bar for the same reason Yeah! Let's pick up some chicks!
Hey, i looked up the word beauty in the thesaurus and your name was mentioned there. ..... in the antonyms
Hey, nice shoes. Where did you buy them ? My girlfriend wants shoes like that.
Hey, we have coresponding genetailia, we should converge in sexual intercourse.
Hi there, the voices in my head are telling me to talk to you.
Hi. Didn’t we go on a date once? Or was it twice? Must’ve been once. I never make the same mistake twice.
Him Would you like to dance? Her NO! Him I'm sorry. I think you misunderstood me. I said, 'You look fat in those pants.'
Him: Has anyone ever told you that you are absolutely beautifull...?? Her: (smiles) and says no.. Him: there is a good reaseon for that..
How about you swing by my place so we can do some complex algebraic functions.
How did you get to be so beautiful? I must’ve been given your share.
How do you like your eggs in the morning? Unfertilized !
How much does a polar bear weigh? I don't know. Quite a lot, actually.
I bet you put extra sugar in your cereal every morning. Aww, because I'm so sweet? No. Because you're fat as hell.
I can make your bed rock. Oh yeah? An earthquake can too..
I can make your wildest dreams come true. I know. I had this nightmare some creep wouldn't leave me alone...
I can see forever in your eyes.But all I can see is never in yours.
I can tell that you want me. Ohhhh. You're so right. I want you to leave.
I have a .357 magnum pointed at your kidney. Wanna go get some coffee?
I have no gag reflex.
I heard you were looking for a STUD, well I have an STD all I need is U
I hope you're not a vegetarian.... because my **** is made of meat.
I know how to please a woman. Then please leave me alone.
I know who you are, and where you live. Can we meet there later?
I know you want to ask me out. I am free anytime. Ok, then go out.
I looked up beautiful in the thesaurus today and your name was included. Thanks! Hey, I saw your name next to jerk.
I looked up beautiful in the thesaurus today and your name was included.Thanks! Hey, I saw your name next to jerk.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true. First wish: don't speak ever again.
I may not be the best looking guy in the room, but I'm the only one talking to you.
I put the STD in STUD, now all I need is U.
I think you're the best looking girl in here. Really? Well, I'd better go find the best looking guy then, hadn't I!
I want to give myself to you. Sorry, I don't accept cheap gifts.
I wish my sister was as hot as you.
I would die for you…Proove it
I would go to the end of the world for you.Yes, but would you stay there?
I'd go through anything for you. Good! Let's start with your bank account.
I'd like to call you. What's your number?It's in the phone book.But I don't know your name.That's in the phone book too.
I'd take you to the zoo but you might be mistaken for an elephant
I'll do anything,no matter how kinky it is if you can say it in three words. Clean my house.
I'll drop my standards, if you drop your pants 😉
I'm addicted to yes, and I'm allergic to no. So what's it gonna be? I'll start dialing 911 for you now.
I'm all you've got cutieThen I must not have alot
I'm craving some bacon, wanna strip?
I'm heading back to my place. You want to come? Sorry, you strike me as a person who comes all by himself.
I've got a knife
I've got candy.
I’m a photographer. I’ve been looking for a face like yours. I’m a plastic surgeon. I’ve been looking for a face like yours
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put I and U together.
If I could rearrange the alphabet I'd put 'U' and 'I' as far apart as possible.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put 'U' and 'I' together. If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would take 'U' out entirely.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put 'your sister' and 'I' together.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put I and U togather Oh really, because if I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put F and U together.
If i could rearrange the alphabet, id violate your ass hole.
If I could see you naked, I'd die happy. Yeah, but if I saw you naked, I'd probably die laughing. 
If I had chloroform and a rag, you'd be waking up in a closet tomorrow.
If I saw you naked, I'd die happy. If I saw you naked, I'd probably die laughing.
If I take you home, will you iron my clothes and make me a sandwich?
If i'd ask you if you want to f*ck me, would your answer be the same as to this question?
If we were confronted, by a vicious maneating bear with chainsaws for hands and fangs, holding a hammer; than I would sincerley hope you wouldn't be harmed because you're pretty.
If you were a booger, I'd pick you first.
if you were my sister i'd totally get with you.
If you're still here when I get drunk, this is your lucky night.
Insert pick up line.Wanna get laid?TOTALLY!Crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
Is Heaven missing an Angel? Because I have an erection.
Is this seat empty? Yes, and this one will be too if you sit down.
is your name macaulay culkin? cuz you're going home alone.
M: Wanna play dynamite? W: what's that? M: I lie on my back and you blow the sh** out of me.
M:HEY BABY! Where you from? W: Im a lesbian.. M: COOL! So which part of Lesbia are you from? 
Male: Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Female: did it hurt when they kicked you out of hell?
Male: Haven't I seen you someplace before? Female: Yeah, that's why I don't go there anymore
Male: I have a large penis female: so do i.
Male: I would die for you... Female: Prove it
Male: If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put I and U togather Female: Oh really, because if I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put F and U together.
Male: If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put I and U together Female: You don't have to do anything because N and O are already together
Man Hey hun.. .Can I kiss the most beautiful girl on the whole party? 😉 Wowan Hell no. Man Ah, I see... And what about you? Can I?
Man: 'Let's play Titanic. You'll be the Titanic, and I'll be the iceberg making you go down.' Woman: 'That would be a massive disaster.'
Man: Do you sleep on your stomach? Woman: No... Man: Can I?
Man: Hey sweetie, can I take you home tonight? Girl: No thanks, my dad's gonna be here any minute.
Man: May I please sit next to you for a brief moment? Woman: Sure :), you`re such a gentleman :). Man: Would you care for a bit of violent rapage in you`re anus?
GIRL: Has anyone ever told you how handsome you are? MAN: My mother, some of her older friends, and beautiful women your age that I end up sleeping with.
Man: Wanna hear a joke about my C*ck, nevermind, it's too long Woman: Wanna hear a joke about my P*ssy, oh wait you'll never get it
ManAccording to my magic watch you're not wearing any underwear. WomanYes, I am! ManDamn! I guess my watch is 15 minutes fast.
May I see you pretty soon?Why? Don't you think I'm pretty now?
My penis just died. Can I bury it in your ass?
Nice hair, can I pull it?
Hey babe, if you were a Pokemon, I'd choose you. Oh really? Because if you were a pokemon, I'd fight you, win and not even bother to capture you.
Oh, come on. Lower your standards a littleI just did.
on a scale from 1 to 10, when did you lose your virginity?
roses are red, violets are blue, i have a gun, get in the van
roses are red, violets are blue, i have some money, how much are you?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I thought I was ugly, but then I met you
Shall I compare you to a summer's day? Damn you're hot!
So do you want tonight to be consensual or not?
So I saw you walk into the bar from the scope of my rifle and I was wondering if you'd enjoy some unconsentual sex in the back of my van?
So what do you do for a living?I'm a female impersonator.
So, wanna go back to my place?Well, I don't know. Will two people fit under a rock?
So...wanna come back to my place? I Dont Know If two people can fit in a box on the street.
That outfit looks great on you.. .. It would look even better crumpled up in a pile in an evidence bag
That shirt looks very becoming on you, but if I were on you, I'd be coming too.
A man walks up to the woman, and says, 'I'd like to take you on a date. How about dinner tonight?' The woman agrees, and they both have a wonderful time at a fancy Italian restaurant.
The word of the day is 'legs'. Wanna come to my place and spread the word?
There's a 'U' in beautiful. Yeah, and there's a 'U' in ugly.
Those must be space pants, because your ass is out of this world That must be a donkeys tongue, because its making an ass out of you.
Tonight might be a convienient night for us to have some intercourse.
Walking to your car alone later?
Want to get on your knees and suck my ****? No thanks, I have enough Tic Tacs at home.
What are you looking at?I thought you were good looking, but I was mistaken.
What sign were you born under?No Parking.
What would you say if I asked you to marry me? Nothing. I can’t talk and laugh at the same time.
What's a shabby girl like you doing in a lovely place like this?
What's it like being the most beautiful girl in the bar?What's it like being the biggest liar in the world?
What's your name sexy?Taken!
Whats small, rough, and painful to put in your ass? Sandpaper
When I said bitch, I meant it as a compliment...
Where have you been all my life? Hiding from you...
With the escalating price of rohypnol, most girls aren't worth my attention.
MAN: hey, are you a gust of wind? because you blow me away! WOMAN: really? that makes me happy! i was getting kinda sick of you being here!
Would you also change it so that I is an object, therefore making your previous sentence grammatically correct? And besides, I already organized the alphabet so that N and O are right next to each other.
Would you like to be the lone mother of my children?
Would you like to dance?Not with you.
Yeah, with your bloodHey baby wanna paint the whole town red? Yeah, with your blood
you actually look alright with the lights on.
You are so beautiful. You look just like my dead wife. You can come back to my place and the 3 of us can get to know each other better.
You don't sweat much for a fat girl, do ya?
You got some junk in the trunk, can I dump my load in there too?
You have the nicest smile I could ever hope to come across.
You know how I know we're going to have sex, tonight? I'm bigger than you.
You look like a dream.Go back to sleep.
You look... clean
You must be a parking ticket because you have fine written all over you You must be a wellfare check then.
You must be a parking ticket. Because you are dressed like i'd have to pay.
You must be tired because you've been running through my mind all day! ...I'm a paraplegic, asshole.
You must be tired, you've been running through my mind all day. You look like a rapist.
You must have a large mass because i am highly attracted to you
You want to sleep with me and i want to sleep with you. I'm at least half right.
You'll do.
You're hot, I'm ugly. Lets make average babies.
You're like chocolate pudding. You look like crap.
You're oneinamillion. That means there is roughly 7,000 people exactly like you in the world.
You're place or mine? Both, you go to yours and I go to mine.
You're so hot I'd do you sober.
You're so hot that if someone threw a grenade at you, I'd probably throw it back because falling on it sounds like a really dumb idea.
You're so hot you melt the plastic in my underwear
Your body is like a temple.Sorry, there are no services today.
Your body would look good in my trunk.
Your clothes are making me uncomfortable, take them off.
Your face must turn a few heads. And your face must turn a few stomachs.
Your father must be a thief, because I saw him stealing at Target earlier.
Your feet must be tired 'cuz you've been running through my mind. Yea, I was running away from you.
Your legs go clear up to your ass.Most peoples' do!
Your place or mine?Both. You go to yours and I'll go to mine.
Your skin would make a nice coat.(Walk by a girl, stop and go back to her)'Are you wearing a Dolce & Gabbana perfume?' (she will say a perfume)'that's lovely, because you are The One'
Are those Guess jeans? Because guess who wants to get into them.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you I smiled.
Are you a child of Hermes? Because you've stolen my heart
Are you a Limited Edition BOTTEGA VENETA Bag? Because our fates are intrecciato.
Are you a Victoria Secret model? Because heaven's missing an Angel.
Are you the Chanel store? Because you are way too fancy for me.
Are you wearing Jovan Musk perfume? It is my mother's favorite.
Are you wearing lipstick? Mind if I taste it?
Can I call you my Pucci Gucci?
Can I endorse you?
Cartier Panthere Wore this out one night and ended up with a 'LOVEBITE' on my inner thigh!
Did you get those pants on sale? (Why?) Because at my house they would be 100% off!
Do you think I could borrow that dress sometime?
Does Dolce & Gabbana pay you for wearing those swim suit and looking that good?
Excuse me ! do you know where’s Victoria's Secret outlet/shop in mall .. You look like one of their model!
Excuse me girl, where I can buy men's stockings? I did not approach you to ask where I can buy men`s pantyhose. Actually I approached you, because you are my type of a woman. I really like you
Girl, you should not have covered your beautiful eyes behind those Versace sunglasses?
Hey I need a female opinion- what do you think would look better on me, this or this?
Hi, I'm a fashion photographer. Would you like to be in my next photo shoot?
Hold up some huge baggy pants or bling- “Wow this would look so AWESOME on me- yeah like a playa pimp. You can be my biatch
Hollister? I barely know her!
How come you're not walking the runway/having a photo shoot? I thought that's where models belonged.
How does it feel to be the most beautiful girl in the room?
How is it like to get paid smoldering at the camera while wearing expensive clothes?
How long did it take to shave those looong legs?
I can give you a private 'go and sees'.
I can’t lie: you are KILLIN’ it in those high-waisted shorts.
I find your lack of nudity disturbing
I have a fetish for feet, can I lick your toes?(if no) Please?!
I have a really good fashion sense but i'm just too poor to prove it
I love your earrings. They really bring out your tits.
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
I work for fashion magazine, and I was wondering if I could interview you.
I'd like to be your math tutor for the night; add a bed, subtract your clothes, divide your legs and multiply!
I'm falling for your waif look.
I'm working on a porn site. Wanna be in the first video?
I've never understood the fashion industry, those people are so clothes minded.
I’ve got one word for your overalls: DAYUM, GURL.
If I told you that you had a beautiful Versace would you hold it against me?
If you were a label, it would be for a really premium brand.
Is your daddy a sculptor? Because your a fine piece of work
J'adore! (Dior)
Let play pretend, you will be a model and I will be your runway: You can be on top of me and work me all night.
Let's get breakfast at the Tiffany's! [Leave and then come back] OK, it turns out I misunderstood something. There is no food allowed in Tiffany's. Also, you're not allowed in if you're poor.
Let's get familiar with each other's body of work.
Levi's should pay you a royalty.
Lick your fingers and touch the girls clothes and say 'how about me and you get outa these wet clothes'
My feelings for you are as tall as this seven-story Macy's.
Nice legging. Are you making a fashion statement? Because you got my attention.
Psst.. Hey babe, I got some nip. Wanna come over after your catwalk?
That dress would look great on my bedroom floor!
That furry vest lends you the air of a hot, huggable baby bear.
That Marchesa dress looks great on you...as a matter of fact, so would I.
That socks+high heels combo is pretty and practical, am I right? Great, now let me buy you a drink and try to convince you that I’m not gay.
There is a thin line between looking indie and looking homeless.
Those pants look nice on you. They'd look better at the end of my bed... after we developed a long, meaningful, mutually satisfying relationship. Obviously.
Want to go shopping? Today only there's a special deal: 30% off on my heart!
Was your daddy an actor? He must have been to make a model like you.
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
What magazines are you posing for? (Excuse me?) My bad, I assume you are a model because your body is smoking hot.
What's on the catwalk?
When you walk into the room, the spot light is on you.
Whoever said that chunky-knit sweater coats were ugly is both a fool and a liar.
With long legs like yours you don't need high heels.
Would you like to eat something with no calories?
Wow, those drop-crotch pants make your nether-regions look slammin’.
Yoga pants are the pushup bras of asses.
You are like Alexander McQueen design royal and luxurious.
You don't need makeup or clothes in my bed.
You ever slept on a Versace waterbed?
You got the body for those yoga pants
You have a really, really pretty face that will go really well on the cover of magazine.
You have beautiful neck. Would you like a pearl necklace?
You have some nice jewelry.
You make Anna Wintour look like Anna Lose-our.
You remind me of a diamond necklace, because you sure sparkle and shining bright.
You’re like the sexiest suspender salesman the 1940s have ever seen.
Your beautiful big eyes will make Kate Moss jealous.
Your earrings are the mirrors which reflect the moonlight into your eyes.
Your eyes sparkle like someone who has just tried on all the eyeliner at Sephora. Oh, you did? Let's take these guessing skills to Vegas!
Your feet must be tired, because you have been walking down the runway all night.
Your hands are flawless. You should consider becoming a hand model.
Your humongous old-man glasses don’t make you look at all like my senile grandfather!
Your must be a Greek sculpture, because you are so chiseled and well-defined unless you are a Dolce and Gabbana male models.
Your shoes are like tiny, adorable monsters that I’m only slightly afraid of.A night with me won't go flat, because Columbus makes the world go round!
Are we head-to-wind? Because I think I luff you…
Are you seaworthy? Because I’m going to ride you till dawn.
Babe ahoy!
Can you help me navigate my way around that Wonderbra?
Care to see me turn my dingy into a yacht?
Columbus Day: the only day where white conservatives celebrate a Hispanic guy coming to America.
Columbus discovered the new world; I want to discover your body.
Come to this continent often?
Cute hat. It would look even better on your head, between my legs.
DO YOU KNOW HOW TO FIRE A CANON???
Do you want to get some tuna fish and field mouse pudding?
Do you want to go back to my place and see what you’re defending?
Dowwwwwwn periscope!
Excuse me, can you tell me if my boat shoes are, like, regulation?
For a sailor, you seem so grounded.
Get ready to man your torpedo, sailor.
God I love a man in…my neighborhood bar.
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN A SHARK???
Hey babe, ever wondered why I am the capital of Ohio?
Hey babe, want to go sailing over my bounty main?
Hey babe, can I see your Bermuda Triangle?
Hey babe, did you know I'm a better lover than Ferdinand Magellan?
Hey babe, did you know you are the perfect cure for seasickness?
Hey babe, even though I am an admiral, I'm definitely not all wet when it comes to romance.
Hey babe, I want to be captain of your ship.
Hey babe, I'd like to celebrate my holiday with you.
Hey babe, I'd like to discover you as much as I discovered America.
Hey babe, I'd like to explore your world.
Hey babe, I'm definitely not a half-mast guy.
Hey babe, this torpedo will be in your ass soon.
Hey babe, want to give new meaning to the phrase ‘sleeping with the fishes'?
Hey babe, want to play explorers and Indians?
Hey babe, want to take a ride on my Nina, Pinta, and Santa Maria?
Hey babe, you're the first person I want to be with in a shipwreck.
Hey baby, looks like your boat needs some seamen…and I have the perfect crew.
Hey baby, you should see my other sailor moon costume.
Hey girl! You’re like an island where everyone wants to dock his ship.
Hey sailor, you’re the coke to my cola!
Hey sexy! may I drop my anchor into your island?
Hey, sailor. Got any sweater vests that need bedazzling?
How about you and me taking a voyage to Motel-6?
How many gold doubloons for a lap dance?
I can get a great deal on a fancy hotel room if I bring you with me.
I can show you a brand new world.
I consider it is my duty to debunk the popular misconception that you are flat.
I don’t have sea legs, but I can really hold my tequila.
I must be Columbus, because I'm going to explore you all night.
I must be hunting treasure because I’m digging your chest.
I swear I am disease free.
I was hoping you’re a sucker for a centerboard.
I've got a sea monster in my pants!
I’ll put the wind in your sails if you raise my mast.
I’m not a sailor, but I have lots of STDs like one.
If all three of you come home with me, I'll name my ships after you.
If scurvy isn’t contagious, I think we should go home together.
If you have an anchor tattoo on your bicep, I will seriously marry you this second.
If you’re looking for dry land, you may be disappointed later.
Is that a shark in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
It’s Fleet Week! Wanna have a one-night stand… seven times?
Kiss me, I'm salty!
Let's celebrate Columbus day by walking into someone's house and telling them we live there now.
Let’s go out and BOTH drink like sailors.
Maybe the Washington Redskins could celebrate Columbus Day by giving up their team name.
My horrible boyfriend’s got me at the end of my rope. Can you throw me a pickup line?
My peg-leg’s ribbed for your pleasure.
Oh Santa Maria!
Please, I've been at sea for five months, I beg you!
Remember, Columbus didn't actually discover America, it was Kanye.
S.O.S. (I’m Sold On Sailors.)
See this hook? Variable speed with five alternate attachments, Baby.
So how long have you been the government’s foxiest employee?
That's not a compass in my pocket, I'm just glad to see you.
The world is round.
There are plenty of fish in the sea, but I’m the only single one in this bar. Wanna make out?
What do you say we go behind this rock and seal the deal.
When Columbus came to America there wasn't any government. Look how far we've come.
When I see you my main sail raises.
Why don’t you come back to my place, and we can do some world shaking of our own.
Are those pants on sale? Because they're 100% off at my place!
Are you a store Black Friday flyer? Because you turn me on.
Baby, you are like a Black Friday deal... worth the wait.
Black Friday = Broke Saturday
Black Friday = The Day People Spend Money They Don't Have On Things They Don't Need.
Black Friday is best enjoyed by deleting names of people who sent stupid thanksgiving messages.
Black Friday is so hypocritical. one day you're thankful for everything you have then the next day you're fighting over TV's & stuff on sale
Black Friday is when I drive to the local KFC for a gang bang.
Black Friday night landed me with medical bills that cost me more than what I saved.
Black Friday reminds me so much of bowling because the people ahead of me remind me of the pins that I wish to knock out.
Black Friday. You know what? I don't see color. I just see people. I will be calling it Friday.
Careful, don't run too fast, or you might just trample my heart.
Come over on Black Friday. We can have sex and left-over from Thanksgiving dinner. Did I mention my mom is a great cook.
Dang girl don't you know it's Black Friday? Those pants should be 100% off.
EVERY day is 'Black Friday' if you're a Kardashian.
Every Friday was Black Friday to me.
For a lot of thick white girls, every Friday is Black Friday.
Girl, I'd dig through a $5 DVD bin for your favorite movie on Black Friday if it'd win your heart.
Hey, baby. Do you like Black Friday? Because it’s always black in my man cave.
I am crazy about you like how I am sucker for Black Friday shopping,
I am staying home on Black Friday. How about you?
I have been waiting behind you in line for four hours. Nice ass.
I see you waiting in line too. I can help you kill some time.
I want Black Friday prices and short lines everyday.
I would line up outside Walmart for you on Black Friday.
I'd give up my HD TV for a smooch from you.
I'd like to get caught in a revolving door with you.
I'd wait for days, in the freezing cold, just for you... and a new TV.
I'll be celebrating Black Friday in my traditional way.... by completely ignoring it.
I'm a great bargain hunter.
I'm having a sale in my bedroom. My clothes are 100% off.
If someone advertises a Black Friday beer sale I will camp out until I freeze
If you're scared of catching a cold you can always come sleep in my tent.
It is getting cold. Your hands must be freezing. Want to come inside my tent? I know a great way to warm you up.
Love for sale: $9.99 for a smoking hot night.
Meeting you is like getting the best deal without waiting in the Black Friday lines.
My feelings for you is greater than the Black Friday line.
No baby, this ain't my flashlight...
Probable Headline: '1000 Americans killed trying to get twinkies on Black Friday.'
Push, shovel, grab, tackle, and yell.
Skip the Black Friday line. You can have me for free.
That's a great outfit. How can I get it 90% off?
Why the hell don't liquor stores have Black Friday sales?
Would you mind holding my place in line I want to
You are the best Black Friday of my life.
You can't put a price on love like ours.
Your clearance rack looks awesome, if ya know what I mean.
Baby, I can make your Plymouth Rock!
Damn, girl, you’ve got some fine yams.
Dear Turkeys, don't worry... they only love us for our breasts too. Sincerely, women.
Do you wanna ride my mayflower?
For the first time, we are going to have a HAPPY Thanksgiving. This year, I am stuffing the turkey with Prozac!
Happy Turkey Day, America! Don't forget to name the turkey and make everyone uncomfortable.
Hope your Turkey is moist and your stuffing in fluffy and when you're done eating you'll be nice and stuffy.
I can give you something to really be thankful about!
I checked the meat thermometer, and you’re officially one hot bird.
I have a thing for butterballs.
I never understood why the Lions and Cowboys always get to play on Thanksgiving. Shouldn't the Patriots play the Redskins, and then steal their stadium.
I put the “pump” in pumpkin pie.
I'd love to get you in my gravy boat.
I'd love to stuff your turkey, sweetheart.
I'm a real master baster.
I'm excited about Thanksgiving because I love unwelcome parenting advice from relatives I see twice a year.
I've got a little something for you to gobble on.
I’d love to get you in my gravy boat.
I’d love to stuff your turkey, sweetheart.
I’m the opposite of a turkey… I cook for four and a half hours after my timer pops!
I’ve got a little something for you to gobble on.
If I was a turkey, I'd be doing everything I could to taste terrible right now.
If you didn't want to sit at the kids' table then you shouldn't have seen the new Twilight movie.
Let's play pilgrims and native Americans; I'll lure you over under false pretenses and we'll feast.
Mmm cranberry sauce
My aunt is bringing her homemade cranberry sauce to our Thanksgiving dinner, and my uncle is bringing his blatant racism!
My cooking is so bad my kids thought Thanksgiving was to commemorate Pearl Harbor.
My corn always wear a husk
No need to get up for seconds! I’m more than happy to let you gobble off of my plate!
On Thanksgiving Day, all over America, families sit down to dinner at the same moment ..... halftime.
So, technically we’re not blood related, right? Because those juicy breasts are making me hungry!
Thanksgiving dinner isn’t the only thing that will make you wanna loosen your belt.
Thanksgiving is an emotional holiday. People travel thousands of miles to be with people they only see once a year. And then discover once a year is way too often. -Johnny Carson
Thanksgiving is great because people tend to speak less when food is lodged in their mouths.
The only thing sweeter than pumpkin pie is you, baby!
There is a special place in hell for people that play Christmas music before Thanksgiving.
There's only one cavity that I want to stuff, if you know what I mean.
They should change the name of Thanksgiving to something more fitting like say, Turkeypocolypse or Stuffing-cide.
This turkey looks great. So are you a breast man or a thigh man?
Those juicy breasts are making me hungry!
Tying the legs together will keep the inside moist.
Wanna take a look at my meat thermometer?
Want to break the wishbone? I’m wishing for a date with you.
Want to really freak someone out? Add 2 extra turkey legs to the turkey when it's in the oven.
When you're around
Why don’t you put down that second piece of pie, pretty pilgrim. I think it’s high time you discovered my Plymouth rock.
Would you like to try some of this dark meat?
Wow, that's one fantastic spread!
You can call me Tryptophan, because you'll be all sleepy after I'm done with you!
You don't need Thanksgiving to hate your family.
You have to smoke a couple of bowls before Thanksgiving dinner. I can't think of a better time to have the munchies.
You put the 'ass' in 'casserole'
You've got the juiciest breasts in town.
You’re like Thanksgiving dinner — delicious, satisfying, and after we’re done, I’ll probably fall asleep.
You’re the only girl I'd ever share my secret method to moist turkey with!
A look from you leaves me paralyzed.
Baby, you be Panama. And Imma underpay Irish workers to dig a trench through you.
Baby, you must be German... Because you sure started the battle of my bulge.
Be my valentine! Yes You Can
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because under my health care plan, 100% of your hospital costs will come directly from a special account set up by the government.
Girl, after tonight, I won't be the only one needing a wheelchair.
Here's my corollary to the Monroe Doctrine: Speak softly and carry my big stick.
How would you like to take a ride on Air Force One?
I asked Barack Obama if you and I could get together later, and he said 'Yes, you can'.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman. But I will have them with you!
I didn't find any weapon of mass destruction, but I did find you.
I was a Supreme Court Justice and a President. I'm pretty good at holding multiple positions.
I'd love to have a discussion with you about Bush, Dick, and Colin.
I'll proclaim your Emancipation all night long.
I'm against slavery, but I do love bondage
I'm gonna Barack your world!
I'm like the Vietnam War. Way longer than you thought I'd be.
I’ll put my John Hancock on your bar tab if you hang out with me for a while.
If you reject me, you will send me on a trail of tears.
If you were a president, you'd be Babe-raham Lincoln.
If you were a president, you'd be Babe-raham Lincoln.
It's big, like my signature.
Just two words? Blow me.
Let me be the first commander-in-chief of your heart.
Let's get stuck in a bathtub together.
Let's heat up this Cold War.
Let's make like Carnegie and horizontally integrate.
My last name is Harding.
My teeth aren't all that's wood right now.
Now that's what I call a stimulus package
Presidents do it for four years in a row.
Something is rising and it's not the national debt.
That's a nice shirt. Can I tax you out of it?
The Gettysburg Address was short, but I know something that isn't.
They don't call me Rough Rider for nothing.
They said 'Go west, young man.' I say 'Go south, young lady.'
Thomas Jefferson would have wanted this.
Wanna form a more perfect union?
Wanna role play? I’ll be John Adams and you can be Abigail. They wrote very steamy love letters, you know.
Yeah it's pretty tricky
You have spent two non-consecutive terms in my heart.
You have trickled down into my heart.
You know what they say, 'The longer the term...'
You may not be my First Lady, but I'll make you feel like Jackie OH!
'The pursuit of happiness' means it's cool to hit on you, right?
18 year old's can exercise their rights in government and on me!
Are you a British Loyalist? Because you're making me rethink this whole 'independence' thing.
Baby I can last for waaaayyyy more than 2 terms.
Baby I'll make you see stars and stripes
Baby, you remind me of the constitution, because you look like a national treasure
Baby, you're a firework.
Because of my rights related to eminent domain, you have to compensate me for stealing my heart.
Can I, like, annex you?
Don't tell me you're one of those 4th of July apologists. Just kidding, I don't think that's a thing. Thirsty?
Excuse me but I'm looking for weapons of ass destruction.
Girl, you're so beautiful. I'd cross the Delaware River to be with you. Or even the Raritan River.
Give me your panties or give me death.
Hey baby, are you ready for your trial? I'm afraid it has to be a speedy one.
Hey the alcohol's back! Now let's get drunk and screw.
How about that George Grenville? What a boob!
How would you win over the heart of a patriot?
I actually wrote 'the British are coming.' Well, I didn't write it per say, but I did say it once to one of my friends. And, it was pretty loud, so there's a good chance Revere heard it. So, I pretty much wrote it. Anyway, want to make out?
I believe all lady parts deserve equal representation
I don't normally like girls who wear red coats. But, for you I'll make an exception.
I had baked beans last night, it was not a pretty scene in my bathroom. Talk about the Boston massacre! Anyway, want to make out?
I have a district that has been underrepresented in Congress with you, but the 23rd Amendment now says I need to be let in.
I have a great relationship with my mother… country.
I hope we stay together forever. Let's knock on wood. Here, use my teeth!
I know Benjamin Franklin.
I will go full-term in your oval office
I wish I were the Speaker of the House and you the President Pro Temp of the Senate so I could be above you in the “order of succession.”
I'd start a revolution for your number.
I'd try to give you a fair trial but you have no peers.
I'll be your slave, it's okay, it's not involuntary.
I'll do your process.
I'll have you exercising your right to free speech all night long
I'll put my John Hancock on your bar tab if you hang out with me for a while.
I'm a man without a country. Can I be a citizen of you?
I'm arresting you for breaking the 8th amendment because you...are excessively fine!
I'm glad there's freedom of religion because I worship you.
I'm like fireworks: smokin', fun, and illegal in many states. Also, there are some really creepy billboards about me on the interstate.
I'm not a fan of Parliament. Unless, it's the band Parliament Funkadelic. Which doesn't mean anything to you right now, but you'll see what I'm talking about in a few hundred years. I'm from the future!
I've been directly elected to fill the vacancy in your senate!
If you ask me if I love you I'll have to plead the 5th. Don't want to incriminate myself.
If you can tell me the difference between Flag Day and the 4th of July, I will buy you a drink. If you can't tell me the difference between Flag Day and the 4th of July, I will also buy you a drink.
If you declare me sovereign of your pants I promise I can do no wrong.
If you're incapacitated can I have a list of you next 3 hottest friends?
Is that a banana in your pocket, or you just... carrying a musket because of the Quartering Act.
It's big, like my signature.
Let me press myself against you, you can't stop me…it's my constitutional right.
Let' put the screw back in screwdriver.
Let's be like the original thirteen colonies AND MULTIPLY.
Let's do it in Philadelphia.
Let's drink beer and play with fireworks until somebody has a terrible accident!
Let's say we go back to my place. You put on a wig, I'll call you 'Tory.'
My flag will never fly at half mast as long you're around.
My last girlfriend and I had to call it off. I looked her right in the face and declared myself independent. Also, she was British. Want to make out?
No taxation without representation! But, there is a kiss tax. Strictly enforced and right on the lips.
Now you don't need a penis to vote…but you can still borrow mine.
Oh say can you see... me in your bed tonight
On a scale of one to America, how free are you tonight?
Oooooh say can you seeeeeeee / by the dawn's early light / me in your bed / with last night's sweat still gleaminnnnnng.
Pretend you are the constitution and call me daddy
Sir William Howe... are you doing?
Tell me, does the carpet match the powdered wig?
The 15th Amendment gives the right to vote to anyone with a penis…I'll loan you mine.
The Constitution limits the powers of the government but the powers of my pants are unlimited!
The Continental Congress decreed 'all men are created equal.' But, they didn't say anything about 'all women being created equal.' Because girl, you are too fine!
The government gives you the right to bare your arms but I give you the right to bare everything else.
The government is okay with 18 year old's and so am I!
The grand jury in my pants is waiting to try you.
The inauguration of the new president may come quickly but I won't!
The only thing better than this party is the Revolutionary Party! Am I right? Also, the Tea Party was pretty cool if I'm being honest. And, I want to be honest with you.
The powers of the federal government aren't the only things that need separated.
The verdict is in; you are hot
There's too much power in my pants that needs to be balanced. Will you help me release it?
They call my bedroom the 14th colony.
They can prohibit my alcohol, you intoxicate me enough.
This would be really awkward if you were British.
Thomas Jefferson would have wanted this.
Tonight I will be exercising my freedom of assembly…outside your bedroom window.
Wanna get naked and watch 1776 (that musical about the signing of The Declaration of Independence)?
Wanna meet the foreman of my jury?
Wanna role play? I'll be John Adams and you can be Abigail. They wrote very steamy love letters, you know.
We are endowed by our creator with rights like life, liberty, and the pursuit of orgasm
We have a lot of chemistry. Right now, we're both working on a little something I like to call 'electricity.'
We'll have a balance on powers. You can be on top.
When we get back to my place I'm going to do everything to you that your government can't.
When we touch, it's electric
Whooo! Party like it's 1933!!!!
You be Yankee Doodle, I'll be the pony.
You can be my mate but we won't be doing any running.
You can pay the poll tax personally with me.
You don't have to wait for succession, you're first in line for me.
You don't need a permit to search my pants and seize whatever you find.
You don't need to wait until the next session, you can give me a raise any time.
You forgot to pay your income tax so I'm coming to seize your ASSets.
You have a boyfriend? Have you ever given any thought to seceding from him? I get not wanting to cheat. I'm also a loyalist.
You have the right to bear me in your arms.
You have the right to protest but I don't think you'll want to.
You look great in those knee-high socks, they highlight your weird calves.
You must have been born in Pearl Harbor, because baby you da bomb
You put my heart in double jeopardy
You read, white, and blew my mind.
You're by far the prettiest girl here. The 'Liberty bell' of the ball.
You're so hot it makes me nervous. The hair on my arms are standing up, but not the hair on my head. Hey, have you ever made out with a powdered wig?
Am I ap-peeling to you? (Banana)
Are you a ghost? Because you’ve been haunting my dreams.
Are you being a ghost for Halloween, or are you just my boo?
Are you dressed up as a tree? Cause you’re giving me wood.
Are you dressed up as Beyonce? Cause you look Boo-ti-licious
Arrrr. Wanna search me for buried treasure (Pirate)
At this point, I’ll take anything. (Prisoner)
Baby, I'm a necrophiliac. How good are you at playing dead?
Baby, I'm burning for you.
Call me a pirate and give me that booty
Can I call you my boo?
Did you know there are 206 bones in the human body? Would you mind one more? (Skeleton)
Do you have a little zombie in you?...Would you like to?
Do you really remember Cleopatra? I’ll make you forget her! (Vampire)
Don't toy with my Heart (Chucky)
Don't worry, those warts on my face aren't anywhere else.
Excuse me, Miss, could you sign for this package? (UPS Guy)
Gees, What cute kids. Would you like to go back to my place and practice.
Girl, you make my crotch rise from the dead.
Girl, you make my crotch rise from the dead.
Good thing I’m here, it has to be illegal to look that good. (Policeman)
Halloween is the night of darkness. But you are brighter than an angel.
Hello Boo-tiful
Hello, I am the answer to you’re prayers. (Angel)
Hey Baby, wanna find out why they call me Pumpkin-Head?
Hey baby, you’ve captured my eye. Could I have it back? It’s the only one I’ve got, to fall in love with you at first sight.
Hey Cinderella, must be time I took you home. It’s nearly midnight!
Hey pumpkin – I bet I can put a smile on your face.
Hey there, ever done it in a cardboard box? (Hobo)
Hey there, have heard that rigor mortisis the new Viagra? (Zombie)
Hey, Are you made of candy? (Why?) because you look sooo sweet!
Hey, Baby do you want to see what tricks my treat could do with you in them!
Hey, Baby, did you know they call me PumpkinHead?
Hey, my parents are out of town. That means we have the haunted mansion all to ourselves.
Hi, I'm a zombie, can I eat you out?
I am a mean green machine
I am drawn to your light. (Mothman)
I can see a date in our future.
I can’t find a costume for Halloween, so can I just go as your boyfriend?
I didn’t know that my favorite Halloween treat came in life size!
I don’t know what the trick is, but you certainly are a treat.
I don’t want your candy, what I really want is your number.
I have got your love on Loch.
I hear this house is haunted… we better stick together.
I heard there is a vampire on the loose you better stay with me tonight.
I like your wart, want to see a few of mine? (Witch)
I love you pumpkin!
I should have dressed up as a ghost tonight so I could let you under my sheets.
I wanna bob for your apples.
I want a taste of your Milky Way.
I want to ask you out, but I’ve got butterflies in my stomach. And worms. And maggots…
I want to put my Tootsie Roll in your basket.
I will eat you out. (Hannibal)
I will give you my heart and this other guy's heart.
I will make you scream.
I would totally carve your pumpkin.
I'm an animal in the bedroom. (Werewolf)
I'm head over heels for you. (Headless Horseman)
I'm really good with my organ. (Phantom of the Operas)
I'm really great with tongues (Harry Potter)
I'm tired of this old broom. Got anything else I can ride?
I've got some wicked feelings brewing for you.
I’m a handsome prince and my sword is no trick.
I’m no vampire but I’m fine with getting no sleep and biting your neck all night.
I’m trying to work up the nerve to ask you out, but I’ve got butterflies in my stomach. And worms. And maggots.
I’ve got a rubber mask and you’ve got the candy- let’s go trick or treating.
I’ve this hunger inside of me that I’ve never felt in my entire life.
If I were a zombie, I’d eat you first.
If you play your cards right, you might be the one who sucks tonight. (Vampire)
If you think I’m hot now, wait until you see what I turn into at midnight.
If you were a jack-o'-lantern, I'd totally light your candle.
Is it true what they say about the size of a man’s canine teeth?
Is that a bat in your pocket, or does my costume excite you?
Is that a magic wand in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is that some candy in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
It's alive! It's alive! (Frankenstein)
Let's go for a bite. (Vampire)
Let’s head back to your place, since I’m going there anyway. (Devil)
Like to play with my Halloween candy bag!
Listen to them, children of the night. Let’s give them some competition.
May I ride your broomstick? I lost mine.
Mmm baby! You’re decomposing in ALL the right places!
My dad's a doctor, ya know? (Frankenstein)
My name isn't Sully, but you could be my Boo.
My real costume is at home in a box under my bed.
My striped stockings would look great on your bedroom floor.
Nice pumpkins! And I like your boobs, too.
Nurse, can I have a little sugar to help the medicine go down. (Nurse)
Of course I like long walks by the moonlight. Just no cuddling by the fireplace. That reminds me of torches and angry mobs. (Frankenstein)
Oh my, you look dead, sexy. (Zombie)
Ooh, you look boo-tilicious!
Pardon me for drooling, but without my jaw, I can't help myself.
Pardon me. I hate to interrupt, but you’ve captured my eye. Could I have it back? It’s the only one I’ve got, to fall in love with you at first sight.
Please come home with me. You never know what I’ll turn into, at midnight!
Please say you love me for my bodies again. (Frankenstein)
Please, Lady, come home with me. You never know what I'll turn into, at midnight!
Prove that I'm not a zombie? Well, your brain is pretty much the only part of you I'm not interested in.
So, what do you turn into at midnight?
That is quite a booty you’ve got there. (Pirate)
That mask is becoming on you. If it were me, I’d be coming too.
That pirate outfit looks really hot on you. Wanna search me for buried treasure?
That skeleton over there wanted to ask you for your number, but, unlike me, he didn’t have the guts.
That’s a nice pussy; the costume is pretty good too. (Black Cat)
That’s a nice set of buns you got there, mind if I stick my foot-long there? (Hotdog)
That’s a nice Witch costume, but you won’t be needing the broom anymore, because you’ve already swept me off my feet.
The skeleton over there didn’t have the guts to get your number for me, so here I am.
There’s no trick in these pants.
Til death do us part and then some dear. (Frankenstein)
To a pirate: That’s quite a booty you’ve got there.
To the cute zombie: You look dead sexy. Mostly dead, but still sexy.
To the girl not wearing a costume: Lucky girl, you don’t need Halloween. You look like an angel every day.
Trick or treat at my place and I guarantee you’ll get a full-size Snickers bar!
Tricks aren’t really my thing. But you’re sure a treat.
Wanna find out how many licks it takes to get to the center of my Tootsie Pop?
Wanna scissor? (A Nightmare on Elm Street film )
Wanna see my little green thing?
Wanna see my Trojan Horse? (Greek)
Wanna try something I'm working on. I call it love potion number 69.
Want to be part of my costume? I’ll let you under my sheets. (Ghost)
Want to find out what I turn into at midnight?
We were made for each other. (Frankenstein's bride)
What up, would it offend you if I humped your leg? (Werewolf)
What's a nice ghoul like you doing in a crypt like this?
When I give you my hand in marriage, it will take on a literal meaning that nobody expects. (Frankenstein)
When I saw you walk in, I got so hot, my skin melted. Literally. Around here, it’s an “in” look.
Who am I to judge a woman because she has two left feet? (Frankenstein)
Why don’t we go somewhere where I can stick a candle in your jack-o-lantern?
Why’d you dress up as princess, when you could have simply come in plain clothes as the most beautiful girl at the Halloween party?
Wow, You must be the pretty princess the evil queen is trying to get rid of.
You complete me, literally. (Frankenstein)
You know what they say... Big Feet.
You look dead sexy. Literally.
You look so boo-tilicious!
You look so good, you’re making my man-bits rise from the dead.
You make me hard.
You must be tired, because you’ve been running through my nightmares all night!
You must love Halloween! You don’t need to change to dress up as an angel.
You should come back to my place and meet my pussy.
You should dress up as a baker for Halloween with that set of buns.
You should try my famous candy-corn chowder. Wanna come over for dinner next Friday?
You wanna take a ride on my broomstick?
You’re giving me shivers… and not because of that costume.
You’re the only treat I want in my sack this Halloween.
Your costume looks complicated. Need help taking it off?
Your mausoleum or mine? (Frankenstein)
Your such a treat that I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me.
Your treat or mine?
After filing today, I learned I have quite a strong flexible spending account. Are you flexible?
After I'm done with your assets you'll have to test for impairment
Are you 1040EZ? Cause need to fill you in
Are your assets temporarily or permanently restricted? BC I'd spare no expense to unrestrict them
Baby girl, I saw you talking to that guy over there. Don't. There's a going concern that he has significant control deficiencies.
Baby how bout we leave this McDonald's and get started on that additional child tax credit?
Baby if I take you home? It's an experience you ain't gonna be writing off anytime soon.
Baby, I wanna liquidate your assets.
Baby, your not just another journal entry, you balance my books.
Boy: Are you my revenue?
Girl: Why?
Boy: Because I'm so loss without you!
Can I be your external control?
Can I put my substance all over your form?
Do you have any obligations for tonight? BC I'd love to take you home and we can retire those assets.
Don't you try to claim an exemption, I saw you staring at me across the room.
Girl you meet all my criteria, so you better believe I am going to capitalize.
Girl you should've listed me as a deduction, cuz I am dependent on your love.
Girl, are you a tax accountant? Cus you make file for an extension
Girl: Is that a highlighter in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Guy: No its a highlighter.....I use Becker wanna get naked?
Guy : Hey girl! What say we go back to your place and I Audit your Assets?
Girl : 'But you barely even know me'
Guy: 'Thats right Girl... Benefits while maintaining Independence
Guy: Your feet tired? Because you've been running in a straight line in my mind all day along.
Girl: I'm a MACRS 150 kind of girl, sorry.
Hey babe, what do ya say we go back to my cubicle and fondle each other's PBCs.
Hey beautiful, did you know that sex toys are deductible this year?
Hey girl, do you want to make a double entry in my ledger account if you know what I mean.
Hey girl, if I was an accountant, then you just accrued my love.
Hey, how bout you increase your charitable contributions by handing me your digits?
How 'bout we do it double entry
I can show you exactly how to earn your income tax credit.
I can't prove feasibility in this relationship. I have to write you off.
I don't care if you're rich or poor because I will make your cash flow.
I have incredibly liquid assets right now, and they're dying to get a good return.
I know I'm not a 99 or even an 85. I'm a 75, will you take me for who I am?
I like to delay my score release so you can enjoy some tension.
I should recognize you as a capital lease because I will own you at the end of the day.
I think we should swap some liquid assets.
I'd do just about anything to see your GAAP.
I'd love to amortize your discount on bonds payable.
I'll have to credit you for my asset depletion
I'll let you audit my assets if you let me audit yours. You'll be pleasantly surprised to see what's in my books.
I'll show you my 'bits' if you promise not to 'byte'.
I'll show you my corpus if you show me yours!
I'm done being a sole proprietor, let's form a partnership
I'm gonna have to make some adjustments to your bottom line
I'm not ready for this projected benefit obligation.
I've been in public practice for several years, and that's easily the largest endowment I've ever seen.
I've got an option I'd like to exercise on those plan assets.
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I near ENron so we could take it down together.
If I had you, I wouldn't need to perform so many manual entries
If I had you, I wouldn't need to use my Handbook.
If I help you screw Uncle Sam, can I be next?
In my office, 'I.R.S.' stands for 'I'm really sexy.'
IRS = I'm really sexy
Is _____ (name of whatever she's drinking) the material weakness in your internal control?
Lady, you make my pants file for an extension.
Let me tell you somethin: if you're filing with me? You're definitely filing a…'10-40.'
Let's fill out a 1040 — you're a 10, and I'm 40.
Lets try and make this triple bottom line.
Listen honey, being with me is so good it's taxable.
Listen I don't know what the hell an S corporation is, but I know I want to buy you a drink.
Listen, I'd love to sleep with you, but it's tax day and I feel like I've already been screwed by an entire government agency.
Listen, I've been auditing your body all night, and it is in damn fine standing.
My goodwill may be intangible, but my fixed assets are rock solid.
My Trial Balance just won't balance without you
Nice 'boot'.
Nice assets.
Normally I am strictly IFRS but for you I'd switch to GAAP because you are extraordinary
Please baby, let me withhold you.
Rest assured, I have a large enough staff for adequate coverage.
Sir : Hey madam, your assets are materially overstated.
Madam: So said who? The man with the very small bank account balance?
Sir: huh!
Madame: ah!
So do you file electronically around here often?
So, how do you feel about things in arrears?
Take me home tonight, and I guarantee you'll see an extraordinary item.
Technically, having sex with me is a charitable gift.
The moment I found you, my depreciation method changed from a double declining to a 150% declining balance
This inquiry has been nice, but I'd like to do a walk through of your operations.
This was just a sale-leaseback.
Trust me, I'm an accountant, I know how to manipulate firm assets
Wanna sneak out behind the 'hedge' and play with my financial instrument?
What do you say we go back to my place for some agreed upon procedures?
What do you say we spend the rest of our useful lives together?
While some of your assets are obviously not impaired, I'm afraid your major asset will turn out to be immaterial.
A - U r Attractive B - U r the Best C - U r Cute D - U r Dear 2 Me E - U r Excellent F - U r Funny G - U r Good-Looking H - hehehe I - I'm J – JOKING
Are you an ornithologist?... because my penis is incredibly swollen with blood.
Are you Fool proof, or can I trick you into buying me a drink?
Beautiful Intelligent Talented Cute Hilarious  Are you smiling now? YOU ARE REALLY BITCH
Boy: my **** is 10 inches girl: mine's too
Boy:Nice hair Girl: (removes the wig) there you go! have fun
Can I buy you a drink? Go ahead, but only if you buy my boyfriend one too!
Damn, girl, you're hot... You look just like my mom.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because it looks like you landed on your face.
Did someone replace the Splenda with cement? Cuz I just got really hard.
Do you wanna dance?Yeah but not with you!You must have misunderstood me, I said you look fat in those pants!
Does beauty run in your family? It obviously doesn't in yours!
Girl, I’d let you flush the toilet while I’m in the shower.
Girl, you’re Fool’s gold. And I don’t ever want to know the real thing.
Girl: 'In all of my years, I've never laid eyes on a more attractive, sensitive, and understanding man. With all of my heart, I adore you. Your eyes are pools of heavenly water, teeming with life and love; your succulent smile crafted as elegantly as Mona Lisa's. Your words could move nations; your voice could soothe beasts. Do me the ultimate pleasure of accepting my eternal devotion to you.' Boy: 'I'm gay.'
Guess what day it is? Let’s fool around. (I’m not joking.)
Guy: Do you wanna be the sun of my life? Girl: Ok sure Guy: Then go stand 13. billion miles away from me
Hey cutie, how 'bout you and I hitting the hot spots? Sorry, I don't date outside my species.
Him Would you like to dance? Her NO! Him I'm sorry. I think you misunderstood me. I said, 'You look fat in those pants.'
Him: Has anyone ever told you that you are absolutely beautifull...?? Her: (smiles) and says no.. Him: there is a good reaseon for that..
I bet you put extra sugar in your cereal every morning. Aww, because I'm so sweet? No. Because you're fat as hell.
I can make your bed rock. Oh yeah? An earthquake can too..
I can see forever in your eyes.But all I can see is never in yours.
I don’t know what it is about today, but I’m fooling in love with you.
I have a box full of baby kittens in my room. Wanna see? …April Fool’s! But now that we’re here…
I Love 'you'! , I Love 'you'! , I Love 'you'! , I Love 'you'! Hey! Don't get excited I also Love V, W, X, Y, Z
I want you to be with me in a nice restaurant to have Candle Light Dinner & say those 3 sweet word to you.  Pay The Bill !!!! Foolllllllllll 
I'd take you to the zoo but you might be mistaken for an elephant
Insert pick up line.Wanna get laid?TOTALLY!Crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
It’s April Fool’s Day, and you look you could turn tricks, baby.
Man: May I please sit next to you for a brief moment? Woman: Sure :), you`re such a gentleman :). Man: Would you care for a bit of violent rapage in you`re anus?
Man: Wanna hear a joke about my C*ck, nevermind, it's too long Woman: Wanna hear a joke about my P*ssy, oh wait you'll never get it
So what do you do for a living?I'm a female impersonator.
Someone, misses you, needs you, worries about you, lonely without you, Guess Who? THE MONKEY IN THE ZOO
That hipster dress is a joke. Better take it off.
There's a 'U' in beautiful. Yeah, and there's a 'U' in ugly.
Today, tomorrow and forever there will be one heart that would always beat for you. You know whose??? Your Own Stupid Aprill Fooooooolllllllll
True love is like a pillow, you can hug when you are in trouble,  You can cry when you are in pain & you can embrace when you are happy.  So when you need true love spend 100 bucks and buy a pillow. 
U r the most CUTE persons in the world! Just a second, don't misunderstand.  CUTE means: Creating Useless Troubles Everywhere
Whats small, rough, and painful to put in your ass? Sandpaper
When I call u: 1 ring means : I am missing yoU 2 ring means : I like u 3 ring means : I am thinking of u 4 ring means : I need u 5 ring means : Idiot pick up the phone.
Why Do Fools Fall in Love
Yeah, with your bloodHey baby wanna paint the whole town red? Yeah, with your blood
You make an April Fool out of me every day.
You put the “oh oh” in “fool.”
You’re cute. April Fool’s! You’re MINDBLOWINGLY SEXY.
Roses are Red, Violets are Blue, Damn I Was A Fool For Trusting You.
Are you a bottle of tabasco sauce? Because i'd like to lose your top.
Are you a Bud Light Lime? Cuz you look like a guilty pleasure.
Are you a frozen margarita? Cuz you just made my brain stop working.
Are you Cinco de Mayo? Cuz I'd like to think about you all night and forget about you tomorrow.
Are you from Mexico? Cuz you look like you belong under me.
Ay caramba! You're hotter than a jalapeño. I better wear a glove when I handle you!
Ay dios mio! Jorge jr. Just got muy gordito.
Border Patrol I need to see what's south of your border.
Can you put some hot sauce on my enchilada, I need some spice in my life.
Chica, you're like a piñata, because i'd definitely hit that!
Dammmnnnnn boy, you can stick your taquito in my guacamole anytime you want!
Dayum...One Look at you, chica, and my soft-shell taco got deep fried.
Do you like Mexican food? Because I will wrap you in my arms and make you my baerito.
Eres una angel? Porque…uh… want a beer?
Feliz cumpleanos?
Hablas Espanola? No matter — my love needs no translation.
Hello. I would like to celebrate you nationwide and regionally in Mexico.
Hey chica! There's like, a fiesta in my pantalones and you and your amigas are invited.
I 'Cinc'-o you should take off your pants.
I may not be your cup of tea, but I'm a great shot of tequila.
I see you've got some tequila there, does that mean you're willing to give me a shot?
I want to make you Cinco de My Own.
I won't blame the tequila if I get with you!
I would love to stuff your piñata.
I'd cross borders for you.
I'd like to put my worm in your tequila bottle.
I'll even throw in my secret sauce free of charge.
I'll hook up with you this Cinco de Mayo if you refrain from calling me a hot tamale.
I'm celebrating Cinco de Mayo by puking tequila and gorditas on the side of a Taco Bell.
I'm not above using obscure Mexican battles to justify my drinking.
I'm the Juan for you.
If you're as intelligent as you are beautiful, then you'd know that today is not the anniversary of the Mexican revolution, but rather the Mexican army's unlikely victory over French forces at the battle of puebla. Now lose the pants.
Is your name 'Sabado'? Because that ass is gigante.
Let me see your Mexican HOT dance.
Let's go do the Macarena in my bedroom naked.
Let's put the third X in Dos Equis.
May the Avengers inspire you to drink superheroically this Cinco de Mayo.
Mexicans don't kiss. Make Out.
My pinata could use a few whacks too.
Oh, a Cinco de Mayo Party? Tell me again where in Mexico you're from?
That is not a burrito in my pocket.
That sombrero makes your butt look phenomenal.
There’s a fiesta in my gauchos and you and your maracas are definitely invited!
Want to viva la Mexi-Go back to my place?
We can blame it on fajita the moment.
Yo quiero dat ass!
You and tequila make me crazy.
You are sexy. You are Mexican. You are a Sexican.
You had me at taco.
You look even better than eating dulce de leche with your finger!
You make me caliente.
You put the Model in Negra Modelo. Or maybe just the 'O.' I'm too drunk to tell.
You're rice and I am the beans. Together, we are a combo plate of bueno
You're the kind of girl I could mariachi…
You're the Light in my Corona.
Are you ready for the second-greatest parade on earth?
Bourbon is a food.
Bring on the beer and beads!
Drink up! It's Mardi Gras.
Everyday is Mardi Gras on the bayou.
Everywhere else, it's just Tuesday
Got beads?
Hey Baby, wanna find out why they call me 'the King'?
Hey girl, I’d like to ring your southern bell.
Hey girl, we’ll only be able to see each other on Sundays for the next few weeks… I’m giving up sweet things for Lent.
Hey there lady, I got a hankering for G.R.I.T.S: Girls Raised In The South!
I don't want your beads, what I really want is your number.
I don’t mean to sound crass, but baby… I wanna buttah your biscuit.
I gave up being single for lent. Wanna help me out.
I got two one-way tickets to New Orleans. You won’t want to leave when you get this lucky.
I like my men like the Mississippi River: long, strong, and ready to rock my boat.
I want a taste of your gumbo.
I'm having my own Mardi Gras celebration without the parades, beads or costumes.
I'm holding out for the good beads.
Is that a po boys in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Laissez les bons temps rouler.
Let the Good Times Roll.
Life is too precious to worry about! Let's celebrate.
Mardi Gras reminds me how much inflation changes things. Beads used to buy you the island of Manhattan, now you only get two coconuts.
Mardi Gras, baby. Time when all manner of weird shit cuts loose and parties down?
Meeting you is like finding the baby in the King Cake. Reward with good luck.
Money can't buy happiness but it can buy crawfish and that's sort of the same thing.
My poppy is the King.
Nice beads. And I like your boobs, too.
Not even Katrina could stop Mardi Gras.
Oh I see you have ashes… want to join me in giving up singleness for lent?
Remember that Mardi Gras we fell in love? You will next year.
That fool/joker over there said he'd get your number for me, but he didn't have the guts, so here I am.
Throw me beads for a peak at these.
Wanna be my mardi gras costume and get up all over me?
Wanna go for a drive with me and forty of my friends?
Wanna help me have a deeper understanding of my great sin?
Wanna play carnival? You can sit on my face, and I'll guess how much you weigh.
We don't hide the crazy. I parade with them down the street.
What happens at Mardi Gras, stay at mardi gras!
Why wearing a mask when you could have gone in plain clothes as 'Most Beautiful Woman' at the Masquerade Ball?
You must be excited for the one day of the year when your behavior makes sense.
Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate… Well, here I am!
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.
Can I buy you a Easter Egg or do you just want the money?
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
Come back to my place - I'll give you a Peeps show.
Do you bleach your teeth? ‘Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.
Do you know hop? Because your body is really kickin'.
Do you know what I did last night? I put Easter eggs in a heart shape for you to find!
Easter! I hardly even knew her.
Even the Chocolate factory doesn't make candy as sweet as you.
Ever done it on a pile of artificial grass?
Ever get it on with a rodent?
Ever made out on a pile of artificial grass?
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
Hey baby, I heard that rabbits, can make 150 babies a year, how many do you think we can make in an hour?
Hey, do you want to go on an Easter egg hunt? I'm sure you'll find something surprising in my pants.
Hey. You know the phrase ‘screwing like rabbits'? I think you and I can do better, want to try.
Hi, I'm the Easter Bunny and I don't care if you are naughty or nice!
How about I get you an Easter egg tomorrow morning. Do you want it chocolate or fertilized.
How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice… Hi, I'm Easter Bunny!
I came here looking for a little tail.
I contributed some fur to Letterman's hairpiece
I could never Passover you.
I don't normally put all my eggs in one basket, but I wanna be your number one bunny, honey.
I gave up hotties for Lent. Thank God Easter is here.
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
I live in a hutch filled with vibrating cedar chips
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I normally don't put all my eggs in one basket, but I'd love to be your honey bunny.
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I'll show you where Easter eggs come from - you may be surprised!
I'm being managed by Don King again
I'm in the mood to multiply.
I'm just like an Easter bunny - sweet, but hollow on the inside.
I'm on a hunt - for your number.
I'll be honest with you. I'm like an Easter Bunny, delicious but hollow inside.
I'll show you where Easter eggs come from — you may be surprised!
I'm in the mood to multiply, baby!
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but… I'm The Easter Bunny!
If you come back to my place, I'll give you a 'peeps' show.
Inheriting eighty million chocolate eggs doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
It's Easter - Jesus came back from the dead today. I think we can make this work!
Let me hide my Easter eggs in you!
Look, Jesus came back from the dead today. I think we can make this work.
Me without you is like the Easter egg hunt without the Easter Eggs.
My ears are not the only things that are long!
My foot isn't the only part of me that's lucky!
My love for you is like hot chocolate, I just can't hold on to it.
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
Nice to meet you, I'm Bunny. Easter Bunny and you are…gorgeous!
Ouch! My big teeth hurt! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!
Since I'm all about chocolate, how 'bout a little sugar?
There is a good reason why there are so many rabbits, baby!
There's an Easter parade in my pants... wanna go?
Wanna Multiply?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
What do potatoes and I have in common? We both have eyes for you and we both want to hit the sack!
You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
You can be my chocolate bunny. I'll start by nibbling on your ears and save your behind for last.
You look cold. Want to use me as a fur jacket?
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
You must be a Snickers, because you satisfy me.
You put the cream in my eggs.
You're not Jewish, are you?
You're not just some bunny... you're my bunny.
You're a good egg.
Are you from Ireland? 'Cause my dick's-a-Dublin!
Come on! Let's drink green beer. Let's do green jello shots. Where is your St. Patrick's Day spirits?
Come over to my place and I'll show you my Lucky Charms.
Did my eyes just turn green? Because when I see you, I feel like I'm getting lucky.
Did you know what a real Irishman wears under his kilt? Nothing … Irishmen don't wear kilts.
Don't tell anybody, but I have a fridge full of Shamrock shakes back in my apartment, I'm taking one person at a time.
Everyone keeps talking about this Kelly Green lady. Are you her? No? Then what is your name?
Forget the wearing of the green and let's get right to the wearing of your ass like a hat!
Hey baby, you make my shamrock shake.
How many Leprechauns does it take to break the ice? None, I'm [insert your name].
How'd you like to help put the Irish Spring back into me shillelagh?
I caught a leprechaun today but I'll let you have him because he did his job: I was lucky enough to meet you.
I don't have four leaves, but if you pluck me, I'll give you luck!
I gave up beer and beautiful strangers for Lent. Glad I'm not Catholic.
I may not have four leaves, but if you kiss me, I'll bring you luck!
I thought your smile was the shimmer from a pot of gold so I followed it and found something as bright and beautiful as a rainbow at the end: YOU.
I understand you're catholic, so pull down my zipper and I'll introduce you to my holy trinity.
I'd appreciate it if you kissed me today even if it's just based on my ethnicity.
I'd be delighted if you shared this magical pot of gold with me.
I'm 'Dublin' my efforts to get you to go out with me.
I'm hoping to get lucky with a real blonde so would you lift up your skirt and show me if you have a pot of gold.
I'm Irish, wanna taste my lucky charms?
I'm Irish! Do you have any Irish in you? Would you like some?
If you don't go on a date with me, the leprechauns have already won!
If you don't sleep with me, the leprechauns have already won!
Interested in 50 shades of green?
Irish you were my lover.
Irish you were my lover.
Irish you were naked.
Is that a shillelagh in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that a snake in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
It doesn't take a Guinness to realize you're the best-looking guy/girl here.
Kiss me, I'm Irish.
Lassie, it's your ancestral duty to drive the snake out of my pants!
Let's go out again so we can share a pot of gold. Tequila gold, that is.
Little known fact: St. Patrick invented green beer, peeing in the street and awkward introductions. Hi, I'm [insert name].
My lips are like the Blarney Stone - kiss them for good luck.
My lips are like the Blarney Stone. Kiss them for good luck and the gift of the gab.
So you actually kissed the Blarney Stone? Tongue or no tongue?
St. Patrick blessed me with luck today because I stumbled upon someone as hot as you.
St. Patrick's Day is like Valentine's Day with beer, so let's drink to love.
The idiot bartender served us one too many of these traditional Irish beers, I think it's pronounced Gih-ness. You want it?
Tip o' the Trojan to ye!
Top of the morning to you. Beg your pardon, I'd like to be on top of you in the morning.
Top of the morning. Wanna screw?
Wanna pet my Irish setter. You're making him stand at attention.
Well you caught me lassie! Now I can grant ye one wish, as long as it involves a date!
Well, lass, we're the only ones still standing. How about a go?
Well, ye caught me, lass! Now I can grant ye one wish, as long as it involves sex.
Why don't you be like St. Patrick and drive the snake out of my pants?
Why don't you come catch a leprechaun with me. Maybe together we'll get Lucky!
Yes, it's a shillelagh in my pocket, and, yes, I am happy to meet you.
You look magically delicious and I just happen to be a cereal dater.
You look magically delicious, and I just happen to be a cereal lovemaker.
You make me feel like I'm the Republic of Ireland because since I started looking at you, my penis is Dublin.
You make my pants want to get up and Riverdance.
You must be part leprechaun because everything you touch turns to gold.
You're wearing green, I'm wearing green, we have so much in common that we should get together and go out sometime.
You've already had seven Irish car bombs (Green beers)? Brilliant!
You’re my pot of gold . . .and I’d like to make a deposit.
Your name must be Danny Boy, cause your pipe is calling me.
Yow, St. Pat must have chased all the snakes to this place.
Baby your so sweet you would put Hershey's out of business
Be mine because you're fine.
Can I have a kiss on the cheek? I want to be able to say a gorgeous girl kissed me on Valentine's Day.
Coffee, tea or love potion number 9?
Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Did it hurt? When you got shot by cupid's arrow.
Did you put Snickers in your valentines? Because you satisfy me.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I tell Cupid to shoot you with that arrow one more time?
Do you like cats? Because I'd like you to take meowt for Valentine's Day.
Do you wanna eat a box of chocolates or me?
Excuse me, you just dropped something - my jaw.
Going on a date with me is WAY better than eating a bag of those weird, chalky heart candies with sayings on them.
Happy Valentine's Daaaaaaaayum.
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
I bought you 12 roses for Valentine's Day - 11 real and 1 fake. I will love you until all of them die and wilt away.
I choo-choo-choose you.
I miss my teddy bear. Would you sleep with me?
I'll be your 'alentine' for now, you'll need to give me the 'V' after dinner.
I'm sorry I didn't get you a box of chocolates for Valentine's Day, but if you want something sweet, I'm right here.
I'd melt in your mouth, not in your hand.
Is that a cherub in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Is that Cupid in your pocket, or do you just have weirdly shaped pants?
Once you go cupid, the rest are just stupid!
R U Mine? *Start blasting Arctic Monkeys*
Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff. All my base are belong to you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, your booty is fine, let's hang out.
Sorry I didn't get you a box of chocolats for valentines day but if you want something sweet and smoot I'm right here.
The only sweet I want for Valentine's Day is a cutie pie like you!
The only thing you gave me this Valentine's Day was a cavity.
They can't fit what I feel for you on a conversation heart.
This Valentine's Day, let's make like fabric softener and Snuggle.
Tonight's menu: Chocolate, candy hearts and you.
Wanna go judge couples based on their body language with me?
When I look at you, I see more stars than the cast list in that Valentine's Day movie.
When I look at you, I see more stars than there are in the movie Valentine's Day.
Will you be my valentine?
You break my heart into 15 unique, chewable pieces... just like a Whitman's Sampler.
You know what's on the Valentine's Day menu? Me-n-u.
You're like a Valentine's candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
You're so sweet, you could put Hershey's out of business.
Alright girls, which one of you ordered a male stripper?
Anyone can buy you a drink. I'd like to buy you dinner. 
Can I be your first mistake of the New Year?
Can I be your new year's wrecking ball?
Can I get your cell so I can text you a New Year's kiss?
Do you have a New Year's Resolution? I'm looking at mine right now.
Do you know it's unlucky to be so good looking and not have anyone to kiss at midnight?
Do you want to see two balls drop?
Don't leave too early... the last thing I want to say to you before we part is 'good morning'.
Got anyone to kiss at midnight?
Have you had enough champagne to believe I'm handsome yet?
Have you had enough to drink to believe I'm handsome and charming yet?
Hi, I'm Mr. Right. I heard you were waiting for me.
How do you like your eggs? Would you like to come over for breakfast?
I can think of better place to pour champagne.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but it's 20__ now, right?
Looks like we're the only ones still standing... let's get out of here!
My condom expires end 20__. Do you want to help me use it?
My New Year's resolution is you.
Next year without you would be like a broken pencil. Pointless.
Nice party hat. Wanna f*ck?
Someone said you were looking for me. I'm your new year's resolution.
That's a nice 20__ dress! Can I talk you out of it?
Use a cinema classic as you clink glasses: 'Here's lookin' at you, kid.'
Wanna ring in the New Year with a bang?
Wow. You're gorgeous. My new year's resolution is going to be to make you my girlfriend.
Are you Christmas, because I want to Merry you. 
Are you interested in seeing the 'North Pole'?
Are you looking for a tree topper? Because I've been told I'm a star on top.
Are you sitting on a candle? Because your booty is on fire.
Are you tinsel? Because I want you all over my tree
Baby, we need to get together before Christmas, because you can't spell 'love' with No-el.
Believe me if you ever saw it, you would even say it glows!
Black ice isn't the only thing I'm falling for.
Call me Rudolph, because you just sleighed me.
Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa exactly what I want for Christmas?
Can you hold my gloves for a second? I usually warm them by the fireplace, but you are way hotter.
Come sit on my lap. I've got a special gift just for you.
Did you ask Santa for a rhino this year? Because you look like you could use something horny.
Do you celebrate Boxing Day? Because you're the whole package.
Do you hear jingle bells? No? Then I'll have to ignore the ring in my ears like I'm ignoring the ring on your finger.
Do you like the song 'Jingle Bells'? Because you look like you go all the way!
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like a pretty cool person.
Even Santa doesn't make candy as sweet as you.
Good tidings aren't the only thing I can give you.
He may have a nice car but I have a fast sleigh.
Hey Babe, when was the last time you did it in a sleigh? 
Hey Cutie, ever do it in a sleigh?
Hey, let me take you out on a first date in the snow - I promise I'm not a flake-y person.
Hi, Santa said you wished for me. Good choice.
How about I slip down your chimney at half past midnight?
How about sitting on my lap and seeing what pops up?
How about you show me peace on Earth and I'll show you good will toward men?
I can get you off the Naughty List.
I can tell you're quite the elf-a male.
I could work with the elves in the ribbon-tying department because I'm a pretty knotty girl.
I didn't think I was a snowman, but you just made my heart melt.
I don't have a foot fetish, but I'm pretty into mistle-toe.
I have the stamina of a jolly, fat man - I can go all night long.
I just got some mistletoe, how about we go back to my place and try it out? 
I know its not Christmas, but Santa's lap is always ready.
I know when you've been bad or good...so let's skip the small talk!
I like milk and cookies but I would rather have you.
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I see you when you're sleeping & you don't wear any underwear...
I take romance to a new level - I don't cuddle, I hibernate.
I'd definitely let you join in my reindeer games.
I'm like a Christmas present - you'll love waking up to me in the morning.
I'm not Santa, but you can sit on my lap.
I've checked it twice, and I'm sure you're on my 'naughty' list.
I've got something special in the sack for you!
I've got something you can hang a wreath on.
I've got you on my 'nice and naughty' list!
I've got the keys to the sleigh tonight.
If I were a snowman, I'd melt standing next to you cause you're just too hot for me to handle
If you jingle my bells I'll promise you a white Christmas.
If you wake up in a box tomorrow morning, it's cause I asked for the sexiest person in the world for Christmas.
If you were a reindeer, you'd be Cupid, because your friend is looking fine tonight. Can you introduce me?
If you were a tree, you'd be an evergreen, because I bet you look this good year-round.
If your left leg is Thanksgiving and your right leg is Christmas, can I come visit you between the holidays?
If your legs are Christmas and New Years, can i visit you between the holidays? 
Interested in seeing the 'North Pole'? (Well, that's what the Mrs. calls it)
Is that a candy cane in your pocket, or are you just struggling to contain your excite-mint?
Is your name 'Kwanzaa'? Because I'd love to do you for a whole week.
Is your name Jingle Bells, cause you look like you go all the way.
Let's get out of here and explore the North Pole. I'm a rebel without a Claus.
My best toys run on batteries.
My love for you is like a fruitcake during the holidays - nutty, spicy and unavoidable, no matter how hard you try.
Nice wrapping but I need to inspect it.
Please do not be alarmed if a big man wearing a red suit picks you up and throws you into a bag. (Why?) Because I asked for you for Christmas.
Santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true.
Screw the nice list, I've got you on my 'nice and naughty' list! 
Shouldn't you be on top of the tree, Angel?
Shouldn't you be sitting on top of my tree, Angel?
So, what will it be - naughty or nice?
Some of my best toys run on batteries...
That's not a candy cane in my pocket. I'm just glad to see you!
The milk and cookies at my place taste good for breakfast, too.
Those aren't sugar plums dancing through my head, it's all you. 
Wanna check out my mistletoe belt buckle?
Wanna meet Santa's little helper?
Wanna Scrooge?
Wanna see my 12-inch elf?
What do you say we make this a 'not-so-silent' night?
What's a nice girl like you doing on a naughty list like this?
Who needs a sled when you can just ride me?
Would you like to come to my place and light my Yule log?
Yes, that is a candy cane in my pocket, and I am glad to see you.
You are the reason Santa even has a naughty list
You are what I want for Christmas.
You can take me home tonight, but only if Yuletide-y up your place.
You know I would love to show you the toys my elves make for adults.
Your stocking isn't the only thing I'll be stuffing tonight...Amazing Tattoo, amazing Tits Too.
Amazing tattoo, I want the same thing you have.
Are you a tattoo? Because I want you on me.
Babe, if getting tattoo is a crime, then I need to see more evidence.
Can I take a picture of you? So that I could show my Tattoo artist what I want.
Come tattoo my lips with yours.
Cool tattoo, can I have a taste of it?
Did the tattoo hurt? Or did it hurt more when you fell from heaven.
Do you have a tattoo? Because I found everyone else here too plain.
Do you know I have tattoo on my penis? Come to my place and find out.
Girl you are the like the tattoo that I have been looking for, I want to be stuck with you for the rest of my life.
Girl, you look so hot with that tattoo.
I actually have a tattoo on my ass that says your name, want to check it out?
I am not a tattoo artist, but I do know how to place pleasurable marks on you for a lifetime.
I have the same tattoo, how about a date?
I like your tattoos, can I see more?
I lost my tattoos, can I have yours?
I love your tattoos, but I love you more.
I would look at your tattoos for the rest of my life.
I'm taken, but show me your tattoos and I'll think about it.
Is that a tattoo under your shirt, I just found the sign that I have been looking for.
Nice tattoo, can I see all of it?
One tattoo that you always wanted?
That looks so sexy, and the tattoo is pretty nice too.
Want to see more of my tattoos? We gotta go somewhere private.
What does your tattoo mean?
You are so stunning beautiful that I didn't even notice this amazing tattoo you got.
You got no tattoo? I'll help with that tattoo virginity of yours.
You have tattoos all over your body? When can I see the rest of them?
You want to see my tattoos? We need to do some Tit for Tat exchanges.
Your tattoos are not the only thing that I want to get into.
Your tattoos are so amazing you made me forget my pick up line.
Are you not tired? Because you have been running through my mind all day.
Your legs must be tired, because you have been running through my mind all day. Anti-pick up line Come Back : Yeah, I was trying to get out.
I feel pretty tired, because I have spent my entire night looking for the one. And I have finally found you.
Ask me why I am so tired, because you have been so hard to find.
You look tired, I know a great place to have coffee and chill.
Do you feel tired and sleepy? Me too, maybe we should sleep together some time.
Are you tired? I deliver myself to your place.
Are your arms and legs tired? I know massage and my service is open all night long.
You look tired, how about let's end the night together at my place.
You must be tired, because of having to listen to other guy's lame pick up lines.
You seem tired, I can give you a shot of adrenaline.
Tired? Me too, let me take you home.
It's OK that you are tired. I promise to do all the work and you will feel great.
Are your arms tired? You can still open your legs right?
Are you the color black like the black hole? Because I am fallen for you.
Are you the color blue like the sky? Because even the blue sky looks dim compare to you.
Are you the color brown like chocolate? Because I want to bite you.
Are you the color gray? Because I can't get enough of your 50 shades.
Are you the color green like the grass? Because I run my hands through you.
Are you the color orange like pumpkin pies? Because I can never have enough of you.
Are you the color purple? Because you allure my heart.
Are you the color red like fire? Because you ignite the passion in me.
Are you interested in 50 shades of green? Because you are my lucky charm.
Are you into monochrome? Because I'd love to use my charcoal to color us black and white.
Did you have your car custom painted to match your eyes? Because they are both the most beautiful shade of _______ (insert color) I've seen, and in this light, you seem to shimmer.
Do you have a little black in you? (No) Want to?
Do you know, your hair and my pillow are perfectly color coordinated.
Do you like the color blue? Because tidal wave is coming.
Do you like color red? Be careful playing with fire and you might end up burnt.
Do you remember Crayola Crayons? They used to have this color: Blizzard Blue. It was my favorite color and I could never figure out why. But I just realized why, your eyes…Blizzard Blue.
Every redhead I’ve met is extremely smart.
Girl, you got sexy brown skin. You can be my chocolate bunny. I'll start by nibbling on your ears and save your behind for last.
Golden hair like yours is pouring sunlight.
Guy: You know beautiful is my favorite color. Girl: That is not a color. Guy: Its the color of your eyes.
I am color blind, but I think your hair is red.
I couldn't help but notice that you have beautiful violet eyes like Elizabeth Taylor.
I don't think I will ever get tired of wearing pink.
I figured out why the sky was grey today...all the blue is in your eyes.
I have yellow fever and you’re the cure.
I just love the color of your pretty hair.
I love your fiery personality. (redhead or red dress)
I love your nail color. It compliments your eyes/hairs/dress.
I love your turquoise dress. You looks like a greek goddess.
I love your turquoise earring. Do you know the color turquoise originated from the word Turkish? I wouldn't mind serving you in a Turkish bath either.
I think God took a brown topaz gem and made you eyes out of it.
I think God took the color from the ocean and put it in your eyes.
I think God took the pigment out of a leaf and put it in your eyes.
I want to make you blush pinker than Princess Bubblegum.
I'm red like the wild fire. Once that spark is ignited, I can go for hours. You have been warned!
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
If you wake up in a RED room, with no windows or doors, don't be alarmed, you're just in my heart.
Mario is Red. Sonic is blue. Press start to join and be my player 2.
Nice green shirt. I bet you are magically delicious.
Pink Hearts, Orange Stars, Yellow Moons, Green Clovers, Blue Diamonds, Purple Horseshoes, and Red Balloons!
Red hair is the most gorgeous thing in the world.
Roses are red Lillies are white. We’d make a great couple, You know that I’m right.
Roses are red, bananas are yellow, wanna go out with a nice little fellow?
Roses are red, violets are fine. If I be the 6, will you be the 9?
Southern girl rock my world. Hazel eyes and golden curls, put on a country song we'll dance all night long.
The way you look at me is making me turn as red as that glass of wine, please don’t stop.
When I look into your hazel eyes I see autum sunsets and late night curled up in front of the fire.
Yesterday, I tried to paint you, but I couldn't… the colors weren't beautiful enough.
You are beautiful with your glorious golden hair.
You are like a juicy red apple that I want to have a bite.
You are the fairest one of all with Lips red as the rose. Hair black as ebony. Skin white as snow.
You just made me as red as a beet!
You know what? Your eyes are the same color as my Porsche.
You look good in green. How about you take out some pixie dust and let's fly away to my bedroom.
You make me blush pinker than Pinkie Pie.
You’re the most beautiful redhead I’ve ever seen.
Your eyes are the same color as my Porsche.
Are you Sunday? Because you are my sunshine!
Babe, in case you miss me last night, it's me seductive Sunday!
Hey baby, my name is Dick. Wanna suck my Richard? Happy Suckday!
You know, if you are going to sleep in on Sunday, I make a great body pillow. Happy Sleepday!
Are you Monday? Because you can suck my dick.
Happy Mature Monday!
Hey baby, I can make you moan louder than ever. Happy Moanday!
Monday is my favorite day of the week. I have waited the whole weekend to see you...
Today is mature Monday. I'm leaving my immature ways in the weekend. What can I say women are like a fine wine and only get better with age.
Without you everyday is Monday.
You know, you make all my blues go away! Happy Monday!
Are you Tuesday? Because you are a naughty naughty girl.
Do you know it is Titty Tuesday? It will mean the world to me if I can caress, nibble, and suck on your sexy boobs.
Happy Titty Tuesdays! Flash me now!
Hey baby, guess what I can make you come with just my tongue. Happy Tongueday!
I love dirty Tuesday!
Are you Wednesday? Because I want to hump you.
Happy hump day!
Happy Hump Day...May all your ups and downs today be between the sheets or on the couch or the floor or the kitchen table.
Happy Whoa Wednesday!
Hey baby, just the thought of you make me wet. Happy Wetnesday
I need some Whoa's to help me get through Wednesday.
It's Hump Day. Start it off with a bang.
Just once I'd like to actually get humped on hump day.
Are you Thursday? Because I am love-stroke by your thunder. (Thor)
Happy Thirsty Thursday! I can't wait to get my hands on you... wait... did I just say that out loud?
Hey baby, your body is 75% water, and I'm thirsty. Can I drink you? Happy Thirstday!
It's Thirsty Thursday! Let's get the party started!
It's Thursday and I'm thirsty!
Who cares about class on Friday? Happy Thirsty Thursday.
Are you Friday? Because I am ready to Frigg in love with you.
Didn't you know it is Flash them Friday? You can flash me NOW!
Do you want to go out on Friday? Also, can you pick me up? I will be drunk.
Freaky Friday! Hell I'm just glad it's Friday.
Happy Flash'em Friday! If you are happy and you know it show me your boobs!
Hey baby, I wanna get freaky with you! Happy Freakday!
Wanna get a taste of free tap Friday?
I'm so glad this work day is over. I'm ready for the weekend. Hurry up Friday!
If ya got them, Flaunt them! It's Flash Friday!
Are you Saturday? Because we are going to party all night.
Happy Sexy Saturday!
Hey baby, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged. Happy Sexyday!
Hey glad you made it through the week, because it is sexy Saturday!
Hey Sexy, what is your plan for this Saturday?
A little bird told me that you wanted to meet me.
Can I read your t-shirt in braille?
Can you read lips? (You mean the one on your face or...?)
Do you believe in love at first hear? Because I've never dated a blind chick before.
Do your lips taste as good as they look?
Do your lips taste as good as your voice?
Have you ever been with a deaf guy before? That's two reasons you'll be screaming my name.
Help, some hooligans spun me in circles and I need a sexy young thing to help me regain my orientation!
Hey baby, you don't need words for love. Let's turn off the light and feel our way around.
Hey Baby. Do you like a dog in uniform?
Hey, baby, can I charge your hearing aid battery?
Hold my hand. I will follow you everywhere you go.
I can't believe you've never met a Deaf person before.
I can't see my penis. Can you tell me what it looks like?
I could smell you all day.
I know you can not talk, but your body language says it all.
I love it when you finger me.
I may be blind, but my braille skills tell me you've got some fine humps.
I read lips all the time, and you have the prettiest lip I ever seem.
I think I am blind to all of life's problems because you have opened my eyes to all of life's beauty.
I will love you til a mute man tells his deaf friend about a blind man that saw a guy with no legs walking on water.
I would totally go on a blind date with you.
I'll make your eyes roll back in ecstasy. Never say the deaf can't lead the blind.
I'm fluent in Sign Language.
I'm flying blind here. Can I land on you tonight?
I'm good with my hands and mouth.
If I had a garden I'd put your two lips and my two lips together.
If I tell you, you have a pretty fingers, would you hold it again me?
If love is blind, lingerie makes great braille.
If you can dance, you have my hand, but if you can sing, you have my heart.
Is that a white cane in your pocket or you are very happy to see me?
Let's just let our hands do all the talking.
Look at my lips and your lips. They want to massage each other.
Love is blind, and marriage is a real eye-opener.
Love is blind, hard to find, difficult to get, and impossible to forget.
Marriage is love. Love is blind. Therefore, marriage is an institution for the blind.
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought that was a braille name tag.
Talking in sign language is so sexy.
That's odd. Your acne spells let's knock boots' in braille.'
They say that like master like dog. My dog is loyal like me.
They say that love is colorblind. Blind people are also colorblind, so let's make love.
They say when you lose your sight your other senses are sharpened. I can already sense that your name is Jennifer. Oh, Carol? My bad.
Wanna go see a movie? Yeah, me neither.
We are communicating through my notepad now, but we won't be needing it in the bedroom.
What up butter face.
When I listen to my heart, it whispers your name.
Will you lend me a hand
Would you slap me if I asked to see your breasts? What if I see with my hands?
You can call me daredevil.
You have a beautiful voice. I bet it would sound even better muffled by my penis.
You have a really pretty voice. Can I touch your face?
You know, I was going to come here as a mime tonight until I saw you and just had to say hi.
You made me feel like a blind man seeing the sun for the first time.
You smell like trash, may I take you out?
You smell pretty.
You smell… We should go take a shower together.
You're showing me a red light, baby, but all I see is green!
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
Your lips must be a magnet because my lips are attracted to it!
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
Am I smashed? Or are you really that curvy?
Are you a cigarette? Because you got a hot butt.
Are you butt dialing? Because I swear that ass is calling.
Are you from the ghetto? Because I'm about to ghetto hold of that ass.
Aww, girl, I'm gonna have to put you on my 'To Do' List!
AYE girl lemme beat it like some cake mix
Baby, you are FATulous!
Curvy is beauty.
Damn sexy thick!
Damn sexy! Hips and curves.
Damn you got a big A S S !!
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
Did you sit on donuts? Because you got a fat ass.
Do you have a shovel? Because I'm digging that ass!
Do you have an inhaler? Because you've got ass ma.
Do you like cake? Do you like fat asses? Do you want to eat cake off my fat ass?
Do you like Pizza? because I want a pizza dat ass
Excuse me, mind if I stare at you for a minute? I want to remember that curves.
Girl don't stop. Keep flaunting your curves!
Girl, your body is a wonderland, and I want to be Alice so that I can run around all over you.
Girl, yuh look like a bottle a maple syrup....THICK.
Guy: Fat Penguin. Girl: What? Guy: I thought I'd just say something that would break the ice.
Hatchling, you put the 'ass' in Jurassic.
Heat makes things expand... so I don't have a weight problem... I am just hot!
Hey baby, as long as I have a face, you'll have a place to sit.
Hey baby, need a mechanic for that finely tuned body?
Hey do you have an inhaler? Because you got that ass ma!
Hey gorgeous, don't be selfish and hide your curves.
Hey sexy and ripped.
Honey just by seeing you from behind I know you're a well-rounded person
I am loving your body, because good things don't come in small packages.
I don't care that you used to be fat, just come here and let me eat that cake!
I got arrested the other day. [For what?] For being sexy.
I have the stamina of a jolly, fat man — I can go all night long.
I hope your day is as exciting as your curves.
I like my girls curvy and dirty.
I like my women, like I like my ice cream plus size and dripping down my fingers
I love curvy women – you are big, sexy, thick, wide and beautiful.
I love how your curves fit into my arm.
I love your body confidence.
I love your jean and how it brings out your curves.
I make good babies.
I may look tubby, but I got an ass like a jackhammer.
I think it's time I tell you what people are saying behind your back... 'Nice ass!'
I will do anything to get my hand on curve like yours.
I'm 3 percent muscle, 50 percent fat, and 100 percent sex machine.
I'm a 400 pound hunk of burning love.
I'm bigger than you and higher up the food chain. Get in my belly.
If I told you that you had a great curves, would you hold it against me?
If mother nature didn't like curves, she would've made the world flat.
Is it hot in here, or are your boobs just huge?
Keep calm and cuddle up to a chubby girl.
Let's bypass all the bullshit and just get naked.
Love your curves and all your edges, I love your perfect imperfections.
My head is under water, but I'm breathing fine. You are thick and I'm out of my mind.
Nice curves. Can I run through it with my hands?
Once you go fat you never go back.
Real men love big women.
Sexy comes in all sizes, but I love your size the most.
Studies suggest, 9 out of 10 men prefer a woman with curves. The 10th man prefers the other 9 men.
The best curve on a girl is her smile. Just kidding... look at that ass.
The most heavenly body was sitting right next to me.
Too big? The only thing I'm too big for is your narrow mind!
Wanna sit on my face and let me guess your weight?
Was your father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?
What is on your curves? My eyes!
With a curves like yours, you've got to refer me to your plastic surgeon.
You are a perfect piece of steak. I can't stop drooling over you.
You know anybody can drive in a straight line, it takes a real diver to handle the curves.
You know, I would die happy if I saw your curves in your birthday suit just once!
You know, you've got the best curves I've ever dreamed of coming across.
Your body is amazing with curves in all the right places, but your smile is the curve that I appreciate the most.
Your body is curvy, your face is beautiful and your attitude is fierce, I think we are a perfect match.
Your sexy figure sure would make an awesome sculpture.
(Guy) My name is Hostess...Because I have the cream filling
Are those Guess jeans? Because guess who wants to get into 'em.
Are you a bottle of Coke because you open my happiness
Are you a Frito because your really corny
Are you a meal at McDonalds? If you were you would be a mchottie
Are you from Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Are you from Tim Hortons, because you smell fresh?
Are you spaghetti? Because I want you to meat my balls.
Are you spring ? Because you have me twitter pated.
Are you the energizer bunny because you just keep going and going through my mind
Are you the maker of frosted flakes because you look gggggreat
Are your name campfire? Because you are hot and I want S'more.
Aye girl, they call me Snow Day.... Because I'm gonna get drunk and sled all over you.
Baby I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco but, I sure will spice up your night.
Baby if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Baby your so sweet you would put Hershey's out of business
Baby your what makes Campbell soup mmm good.
Baby, you got more legs than a bucket of KFC!
Boy is your name homework because I'm not doing you and I should be.
Call me Mountain Dew, because when we hang we'll have a Baja Blast.
Call Me Pooh, because all I want is you honey.
Can I double stuff your Oreo?
Can I stick my hot pocket in your easy bake oven
Damn baby is your body from McDonalds?(No Why?) Because I'm Lovin' It
Damn baby, is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm sure feeling a strong connection
Damn girl! have you been eating Lucky Charms?(why?) because you`re looking magically delicious!
Damn....Levis should pay you royalties.
Did you just come from KFC, because your have thighs and breasts just gave me a drumstick.
Do you have a Bandaid? Cos I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you like hamburgers? because i'll go in-n-out of you!
Do you like Kellogg's? (yes) Wanna frost my flakes?
Do you like Pizza Hut? Because I'll stuff your crust.
Do you like Wendy's.. Because your going to love Wendy's balls slap against yo face
Do you like Wendy's? Well I'm sure you'll like it Wendy's nuts slide across your face.
Do you work at Dicks? Because your sporting the goods!
Do you work at Home Depot? (No) Because you sure are giving me wood.
Do you work at McDonalds? Because I was wondering if I could get a fry with that shake.
Do you work for UPS? Because I swear I saw you checking out my package!
Don't you work at Hooters?
Excuse me? Do you work at Little Caesars? Because Ur Hot And I'm Ready.
Fuck me if I'm wrong, but is your name Easy Bottom?
Girl are you my new iPhone? Because I can't stop staring at you in public.
Girl if You Were A Dodge truck, I'd Ram You.
Girl is your name baseball, because I just want to hit it.
Girl you're sweet as candy, can I taste u Now And Later
Girl your eyes are bluer than Heisenberg's crystal.
Girl your so sweet you put Hershey's out of business.
Girl, I got more game than a Xbox 360!
Girl, I'm an American Express lover... you shouldn't go home without me.
Girl... your like Mastercard... seeing you is priceless
Have you been eating Cocoa Puffs? because I'm goin cookoo for you
Hey is your last name Chilli's because I can see myself chewin those babybacks
Hey you thirsty, because I can give you the Sunny-D
Hi my name is pogo. Would you like to jump on my stick?
Hi, can I get your baseball jersey? (What?) You know your name and number!
Hi, My Name Is [Your Name], but You Can Call Me Tonight.
How about I dip my Wild Wings in your Buffalo sauce?
How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitter you with my Yahoo until I Google on your Facebook?
I don't need Apple Maps to get lost in your eyes.
I have 4 words for you Hol I Day Inn.
I have a bunch of Klondike bars back at my place.
I just ate a bag of skittles want to taste the rainbow?
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
I may be hung like a tic-tac, but I'll leave your breath minty fresh!
I may not be Dairy Queen, baby, but I'll treat you right!
I may not be Fred Flintstone, but I sure can make your bed rock.
I spilled skittles down my pants. Do you want to taste the rainbow?
I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
I wish I were Winnie the Pooh so I could stick my nose in your honey jar.
I wish you were a carousel at Wal-Mart so I could ride you all day long for just a quarter!!
I'll be the Burger King, and you'll be the Dairy Queen... You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
I'll be your drum...you can beat me all night long!
I'll slime you so good you'll think your on Nickelodeon
I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
I've got Skittles in my mouth , want to taste the rainbow?
I've gotta thirst, baby, and you smell like my Gatorade.
If life was a TiVo, I would rewind you and play you over and over.
If sexy were an Oreo, you'd be double stuffed!
If sexy were an Oreo. you would be double stuffed
If you were a pair of adidas sneakers, I'd, uh, like, really be into adidas
If you were a Porsche, I'd wax and ride you all over town
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine
If you were any sweeter, there'd be a Wanted poster for you down at Mrs.
If your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tic-tac's.
Is that an iPod mini in your pocket or are you just happy to see me.
Is your daddy the owner of Wendy's because you make me want to eat great even late!
Is your name country crock, because you can spread for me anytime.
Is your name Gillette, because your the best a man can get.
Do you like Adele? Because I can tell you wanna be rolling in the D.
Hey girl is your name Alice? Because I'd fall into your rabbit hole and follow you to wonderland.
Is your name Ariel? Because I think we mermaid for each other.
Is your name Athena/ Venus? Because I want to worship you.
Are you Berry? I would bottle you up as jam and enjoy you all winter long.
Is your last name Berry? Because I will love to have you for dessert after dinner and again for breastfast in the morning.
Is your name Cindy/ Ella/ Cinderella? Cause I see that dress disappearing by midnight.
Your name must be Daisy, because I have the incredible urge to plant you right here!
Is your name Daisy? Because I would pick you.
Is your name Eve? I believe one of your ribs belongs to me.
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
I'm not a big fan of your last name but don't worry, I can change that.
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
Mi nombre es cualquier ser. In Spanish that means: 'My name is whatever you want it to be.
If I guess your name in three guesses, will you buy me a beer? If not I'll buy you a beer. Are you in?
My name might not be Genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Is your name Grace? Because you're amazing.
Girl are you Hailey? Because you so slim and so shady.
Is your name Hailey? Can you make my wish come true?
Hey didn't catch your name, I would call you HONEY, but you are much sweeter than that.
Is your name Jasmine? Because I wanna plant you right here.
Your name must be Jelly, because jam don't shake like that.
Is your name Joy? Because I want you to jump on my stick.
Is your name Katniss? Because you're starting an uprising in MY district.
Is your name Katrina? (No, why?) Because I wanna rock you like a hurricane!
Hey Lily, want to do it in the pond?
My name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood!
Hello Mary, I want to follow you around like your lamb.
Here's my number. Call me, Mary.
Aye Mary, yous poppin!
Mary you are so fine you are Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
Is your name Maya? Because I'd like to sacrifice you to the gods.
Is your name Molly? Because your making me overdose.
You must be Mona/Lisa, because I find your smile absolutely intriguing.
Your name must be Patty, because I want to grill you.
Girl, you're more precious than Precious.
Is your name Rapunzel, cause I need a girl who never leaves the bedroom and constantly wants me to pull her hair.
I'm not Rapunzel, but I'll still let you pull my hair.
Is your name Rose? Because I’d love to preserve this moment.
Is your name Stella/Rosa? Because I could just bottle you and drink you up.
Is your name Stella/Rosa? Because you are intoxicating.
Is your name Summer? Because you are as hot as hell.
You are so hot, your name must be Summer.
Is your name Wendy? Then you should come blow me.
Hi my name is Adam, I believe one of your ribs belongs to me.
Hello my name is Albert. Do you know space-time isn't the only thing that's curved?
Is your name Art? Because I want to nail you to the wall.
Hey there, the name is Bud. Wanna taste?
Is your name David? Because I'm pretty sure you could have only be crafted at the hands of Michelangelo.
Are you David? Because your sexy figure sure would make an awesome sculpture.
My name is not Doug, but I want to be in your hole.
Is your name Frank? Because you are smoking hot.
Are you a Fred Astaire? Because your dancing away with my heart.
My name is Gabriel, but I am no angel.
Hey Gail, can you blow me?
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
I'm not a big fan of your last name but don't worry, I can change that.
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
Mi nombre es cualquier ser. In Spanish that means: 'My name is whatever you want it to be.
If I guess your name in three guesses, will you buy me a beer? If not I'll buy you a beer. Are you in?
Is your name Harry? Because I want to play with your magic wand.
I'm like Harry Houdini, I can make your cloths disappear in a snap.
I bet your last name is Jacobs, because you're a real cracker!
Bond, James Bond. How's your dady now?
Good day darling, how would you like to bond? James Bond
Do you listen to Jason Derulo? Because every time I see you I want to sing your name.
If I'm your Sherlock, will you be my john?
Is your dad Liam Neeson? Because I'm Taken with you
Is your name Michael Jackson? Because baby, you make me wanna Beat It.
Oh Mickey, you're so fine you're so fine you blow my mind
Hi my name is Mickey, and there is nothing Minnie about me!
Hi my name is Miller. People say I’m a keg of fun.
Hi, I'm Mr. Right. I heard you were waiting for me.
My name is Peter Pan, because I can take you to Never Never Land.
Hello my name is Rich and I have expensive tastes.
You are so hot, I would rob a bank for you.
Your name must be Rod, because I want to strike you.
Your name must be Sirius, because you are a prisoner of ass-kablam!
Is your name Teddy? Because I lost my teddy bear, can I sleep with you?
I'm no Tiger Woods, but I am a Tiger, and I have Wood
Hey my name is Will, gods will.
They don’t call me Woody for nothing!
I love you like Abelard loved Heloise… but without the fornication, lying, public disgrace or castration.
Honey, you were made for me!
How do you think Adam got eve?
Lets do it Adam and eve style, behind some bushes.
You know you’re the only one for me!
You think THAT'S a serpent...
bae= bacon and eggs
You are the eggs to my bacon.
Hey Barbie. Im Ken.
Hey you free for dinner, because I have a private chef who makes a mean breakfast in bed.....You see where I'm going with this?
I'd love to share a bed and breakfast with you.
Do you want to fall in love and go rob banks?
You can be my Bonnie, I'll be your Clyde.
Hey cutie, is that Cupid's arrow in your bow?
You don't need Cupid, baby. I'm an archer too. I know I can make you quiver.
Can I be your butter on your bread?
Hey baby, can I butter your biscuit?
If I were bread, would you be my butter?
Baby you are the jam in my jelly roll.
Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate.
It might cold, but you make me hot and I'm forecasting a date in the near future.
You are so hot that even on a cold winter night my penis would stand for you.
A Wonka gin tonic, please. 'With ice?' 'Obviously.' 'Okay then could you please step away from the bar?' 'What?! Why?' 'You're melting all the ice.'
Would you like Gin and platonic, or would you prefer Scotch and sofa ?
You are the Gin to My Tonic
I may not like Green ham or eggs, but I sure love your long, thin legs
I'm the king in bed. Will you be my queen?
I'll be your Tramp, if you'll be my Lady.
You be the lady, I'll be the tramp.
My dear Guinevere, they don't call me Lance-A-Lot for nothing, you know.
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
If my right leg was Christmas and my left was Easter, would you like to spend some time between the holidays?
I hate to see you go, I love to watch you leave.
We would go great together like peanut butter and jelly.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Sin from thy lips? O trespass sweetly urged! Give me my sin again.
You are the sun to my moon, the yin to my yang; there's no one else that I'd rather bang.
You Tarzan. Me Jane.
Men are from Mars, women are from Venus, and you and I are three subway stops from my house.
Hi, my name's Ying will you be my Yang?
I'd like to point out that 'beautiful' has U in it. But, 'quickie' has U & I together.
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.
A happy marriage is the union of two good forgivers.
A hundred hearts would be too few to carry all my love for you.
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.
And I knew exactly how old Walt Disney’s Cinderella felt when she found her prince.
As we grow older together, As we continue to change with age, There is one thing that will never change. . . I will always keep falling in love with you.
Because today, when I look into your eyes, my love for you only grows. It’s even stronger now. My love will never waver. And this I vow to you, today, and always and forever.
Before we met, I was as lost as a person could be and yet you saw something in me that somehow gave me direction again.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Being someone’s first love may be great, but to be their last is beyond perfect.
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
For you see, each day I love you more  Today more than yesterday and less than tomorrow.
Forever is a measure of time used by people who share an ordinary love. Our extraordinary love is immeasurable...for us, forever just won’t do.
Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy, you must have somebody to divide it with.
Grow old with me, the best is yet to be.
I always get cuts and bruises because every single day, minute and second i keep on falling in love with you
I can't remember every moment of that day, but I could remember when I first looked at your eyes.
I could not tell you if I loved you the first moment I saw you, or if it was the second or third or fourth. But I remember the first moment I looked at you walking toward me and realized that somehow the rest of the world seemed to vanish when I was with you.
I do love nothing in the world so much as you.
I don’t know where I’d be without you here with me. Life with you makes perfect sense. You’re my best friend.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
I love you like pigs love mud.
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you. I love you not only for what you have made of yourself, but for what you are making of me. I love you for the part of me that you bring out.
I love you, not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you. I love you, not only for what you have made of yourself, but for what you are making of me.
I still fall for you everyday.
I want you for always…days, years, eternities.
I wasn’t sure that love could survive everything we put it through, but you were. You were sure, you were always sure.
I will spend an eternity loving you, caring for you, respecting you, showing you every day that I hold you as high as the stars.
I wish there was a word more than ‘love’ itself to convey what I feel for you.
I’m feeling alive and with every breath that I take, I feel like I’ve won. You’re my key to survival.
If beauty were time, you'd be my eternity.
If equal affection cannot be,
Let the more loving one be me.
if I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say 'I love you' with my last breath!
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
If my love was an ocean, it would take two planes to cross it.
If nostalgia was white and passion was black, my love for you would be a little chessboard
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.
If you were ice cream and I were hot chocolate I’d pour all my love onto you.
In a marriage, each partner is to be an encourager rather than a critic, a forgiver rather than a collector of hurts, and enabler rather than a reformer.
In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. In all the world, there is no love for you like mine.
In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities.
In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing.
It is love that makes impossible possible.
It’s not my fault I fell in love. You are the one that tripped me.
Like the sheets on your bed I want cover you with love.
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
Love doesn’t make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Love is a promise; love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear.
Love is a sensation, caused by a temptation, to feel penetration. a guy sticks his location in a girl's destination, to increase the population for the next generation.
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
Love is the strongest force the world possesses, and yet it is the humblest imaginable.
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.
Love never gives up, never loses faith, is always hopeful and endures through every circumstance.
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope.
Many people will walk in and out of your life. But only lovers will leave a footprint on your heart. And you my dear have left one great leap on mine!
Marriages, like a garden, take time to grow. But the harvest is rich unto those who patiently and tenderly care for the ground.
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you I had no control over.
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
My love for you is about as fat as you are!
My love for you is like diareah..it never ends!
My love for you is like the energizer bunny, it keeps going and going.
My love for you is like the universe…neverending!!
Once in awhile, right in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale.
Real love stories never have endings.
Remember, we all stumble; every one of us. That is why it’s a comfort to go hand in hand.
Sexiness wears thin after a while, and beauty fades. But to be married to a man who makes you laugh every day, now that’s a real treat.
The average person falls in love 7 times before marriage. Baby, you’re my lucky seven.
The beauty of marriage is not always seen from the very beginning…but rather as love grows and develops over time.
The greatest marriages are built on teamwork. A mutual respect, a healthy dose of admiration, and a never-ending portion of love and grace.
The groom always smiles proudly because he’s convinced he’s accomplished something quite wonderful. The bride smiles because she’s been able to convince him of it.
The highest happiness on earth is the happiness of marriage.
The real act of marriage takes place in the heart, not in the ballroom or church or synagogue. It’s a choice you make on your wedding day, and over and over again and that choice is reflected in the way you treat your husband…
The way you love me, the way you touch my life, I wish the journey, should never end till I die. Thanks for making the day special in my life.
There is no mystery—that's the beauty of it. We are entirely explicable to each other, and yet we stay. What a miracle that is.
There is no such thing as a perfect man or a perfect marriage. But the one I have is perfect for me.
This isn't a beer belly, It'a a fuel tank for a love machine.
To find someone who will love you for no reason, and to shower that person with reasons, that is the ultimate happiness.
True love is spending one day getting married… and the rest of your life feeling glad you did. Greetings of this Day to you and me!
Two souls with but a single thought; two hearts that beat as one.
Walking with your hands in mine and mine in yours, that’s exactly where I want to be always.
We are all a little weird and, life's a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love.
We have changed over the years, but the sparkle in your eyes is as bright as ever, and my love for you is even stronger.
We're like a 4-Leaf clover. You're the C and I'm the R, and there's love in between us.
What greater thing is there for two human souls, than to feel that they are joined for life to strength each other in all labor, to rest on each other in all sorrow, to minister to each other in all pain, to be with each other in silent unspeakable memories at the moment of the last parting?
Whatever our souls are made of, [yours] and mine are the same.
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
When I look at you, my dear – It doesn’t seem like you’ve aged. To me you’re just as beautiful as the day we became engaged.
When I sleep, I dream of you, and when I wake, I long to hold you in my arms. If anything, our time apart has only made me more certain that I want to spend my nights by your side, and my days with your heart.
When the darkness rolls in, I’ll be there through thick and thin.
When two people are connected at heart, it doesn’t matter what you do, or who you are or where you live; there are no boundaries or barriers.
When you look for the right person, you always end up with the wrong one. But when you just sit by the corner and wait, he comes along and shares the corner with you.
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
You are the finest, loveliest, tenderest, and most beautiful person I have ever known – and even that is an understatement.
You are the reason men fall in love.
You both are a wonderful example of love, relation and family.
You don’t marry the person you can live with … you marry the person you can’t live without.
You know when you have found your prince because you not only have a smile on your face, but in your heart as well.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You make me happier than I ever thought I could be, and if you let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way.
You smell that…..? Smells like love.
You will find, as you look back upon your life, that the moments when you have truly lived are the moments when you have done things in the spirit of love.
You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'
A guy's gotta do what a guy's gotta do, if you catch my drift. (Rugrats - Tommy Pickles)
Aladdin a pastry as well.
Am I a beast? Because you're definitely a beauty.
Are you little red riding hood? Because I want to ride you into the woods.
Aren't you the tiger on the Frosted Flakes box? Because you look “Grrrreat!”
Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Can I get into your cave of wonders?
Can you tell me a bedtime story and tuck me in?
Do you eat lots of Lucky Charms? Because you look magically delicious.
Do you remember Crayola Crayons? They used to have this color…Blizzard Blue. It was my favorite color and I could never figure out why. But I just realized why, your eyes…Blizzard Blue.
Don't worry, Cinderella. I'll get you home before the clock strikes 12.
Ever had a lump in your throat? How about a frog?
Forget Aladdin, I'm thinking bout Jasmine's carpet.
Have you been eating Cocoa Puffs? Because I'm going cookoo for you
Have you ever tried anal, it's A Whole New World.
Hey Aladdin, is that a lamp in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Hey Beauty, can I introduce you to my Beast?
Hey Cinderella let's see if this fits!
Hey girl, how about we take a bottle back to my crib and…take a nap?
Hey girl, you like breakfast? I can speak French. (Dexter's Laboratory – Dexter)
Hey girl, you must be Cinderella, because I see that dress disappearing at midnight.
Hey Jasmine, Does the magic carpet match the drapes?
Hey, Cinderella. Call me midnight 'cause when I come around I'll make your dress disappear.
Hi Ho.
Honk, honk. (Doug – Skeeter)
Hope you brought your A-game, because tonight will be scandalous. (Recess)
I have a boo boo on my lip Will you kiss it and make it all better?
I lost my teddy bear, can I sleep with you?
I lub dub you...
I must have a house made of straw, because you just blew me away.
I think I'd like you in my way, football head. (Hey Arnold – Helga)
I want you more then a Popsicle on a hot summer day
I'd like to see what your buttons do. (Dexter's Laboratory – Dee Dee)
I'd like to take a trip to your forbidden west wing.
I'll bippity bop you, girl.
I'll make you want to spend more time in bed with me than Sleeping, Beauty.
I'm a beast in the sheets.
I'm the eighth dwarf, Sexy.
If girls were boogers, I'd pick you first.
If you were on the McDonald's menu, I'd name you the McBeautiful.
Is that Pinocchio in there? No, just a boner.
Is your name Mulan, because you're beautiful and most people forget you were ever made.
It's like Beauty and the Beast. I'm the Beauty you are the Beast.
Let's play Pinocchio. You sit on my face and I'll tell you lies.
Jack be nimble, Jack be quick, Jack tripped over the candle stick. Well, goodness gracious, great balls of fire!
Mary had a little sheep. and with the sheep she went to sleep, the sheep turned out to be a ram, and Mary had a little lamb!
My lips are skittles, want to taste the rainbow?
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me anytime you want to.
Now I've seen everything! Well, almost everything ... (Hey Arnold – Gerald)
Oh, you're bad, bad, bad. (Magic School Bus)
One night with me, and I'll show you a whole new world.
Sit on my face and ask me to lie... What? You've never been Pinocchio'd?
There's definitely something down there that wasn't there before if you know what I mean.
Wanna play a game? You can be Little Red Riding Hood and Ill be the Big Bad Wolf.
Wanna rub my lamp?
Want to go for a wild ride baby? I'm a bottom.
We would go great together like peanut butter and jelly
Well, here I am What are you other two wishes?
Were you in Girl/Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
What the hell is that smell? did you Jafar?
Whether Jafar or Ja-Close I'll always be yours.
You can eat my shorts. (The Simpsons – Bart)
You know what they say about men with big noses.
You look so much like a princess, I put poison in that apple you're eating. Let's hope my antidote-chapstick does the trick.
You must be Cinderella, because I see that dress disappearing by midnight.
You must be Snow White, because when I'm with you, I feel like 7 emotional tiny diamond miners.
You must have pee in your mattress because, no wait, I mean a pea in your mattress, because you're like a princess.....oops.
You said you were looking for the girl with the glass slipper but baby boy I can be your Cinderella ella ella eh eh.
You're so cute you make Hello Kitty look like Quasi-moto.
You're so sweet, you could put Hershey's out of business
You're wicked hot.
You've been a bad girl/boy. Go to my room.
Your a piece of eye candy and i've got a sweet tooth.
Your body is a wonderland and i want to be Alice.
Do you want to hear a bedtime story? It's time for you to get in my bed.
Am I in heaven? Because baby you just made my heart stop
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you a microwave oven? Because you melt my heart.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you blood? Because my heart cant survive without you
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
Can you give me directions to your heart? I've seemed to have lost myself in your eyes.
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
Did it hurt? When you fell from the sky and into my heart.
Do you have some water? Because you set my heart on fire.
Drop down in front of him/her and if they ask you whats wrong say 'im sorry but my heart stopped when i saw you and i just fell for you.'
Ever since I met you, you've lived in my heart without paying any rent
Excuse me, can you empty your pockets? I believe you have stolen my heart.
God gave us two ears, two eyes, two legs and two hands, but he only gave us one heart, and he wanted me to find you and tell you, you are the second one
Guy: Beww Beww Beww. Girl: What?. Guy: That is the sound of the ambulance coming to pick me up because when I saw you my heart stopped!
Guy: Do you hear that. Girl: What? Guy: Oh sorry that was my heart singing for you
Guy: Here are my keys. Girl: Why? Guy: Here's the key to my house, my car,...and my heart.
Guy: You owe me money. Girl: Why? Guy: Because you have been living in my heart without paying rent
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
Hey baby do you like a man that can carry big things because I have the biggest sweetheart
Hold out two fingers and say: 'Why should a woman masturbate with these two fingers?' (I don't know.) ''Cause they're mine sweetheart.'
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
I wrote your name in my heart and forever it will stay.
I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart...
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
I'm not staring at your boobs, I'm staring at your heart.
If I was your heart would you let me beat?
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
If you wake up in a RED room, with no windows or doors..don't be alarmed, babyqirl..you're just in my heart
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
Is my heart on fire or am I just lost in a love maze without you! (look at the person in the eyes)
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
It hurts! When you tore out my heart and threw it across the room!
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.
Many people will walk in and out of your life. But only lovers will leave a footprint on your heart. And you my dear have left one great leap on mine!
Miss, you made my heart stop...
My mom told me that life is like a deck of cards, so you must the be queen of hearts.
Please don't go or else I will have to make a report to the cops that you stole my heart.
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
The only crime I will ever commit is stealing your heart
We must be near an airport, because my heart just took off when I saw you!
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Were you in Girl/Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
You better change the lock, because I'm the key to your heart.
You know, winning the lottery doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
You stole my heart without permission
You stole my heart, so can I steal your last name?
You're the sound in my voice, the rhythm in my walk, the thunder that vibrates in my heart…..be my lightning and strike down on me!
Your heart stops when you sneeze. Kind of like what happens when I think of you.
Am I dreaming? Because this is so unreal.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams.
Can I follow you home? Because my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Do you remember me? Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Excuse me, mind if I stare at you for a minute? I want to remember your face for my dreams.
Guy: Have we met before? Girl: No. Guy: Then I must of seen you in my dreams!
Guy: Pinch me? Girl: Why? Guy: Because I must be dreaming
Guy: What time is it? Girl: [Time]. Guy: Thanks! I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.
Hey, haven’t I seen you before? I remember, it was in my dreams!
I had a dream about you last night... I dreamt you were a suitcase and I was packing you
I had a dream about you. Yes, really. Because I see my one true dream girl every night.
I had a wet dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality?
I have never had a dream come true until the day that I met you.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
I think I have seen you somewhere. You are the same girl who came in my dreams last night.
I'll make all of your wildest dreams come true.
If this is a dream, I never wanna wake up!
So last night I had the same dream over and over - always the same thing, but in a different location every time. I kept dreaming that I was asking you out, but every time before you answered, I woke up, and I'm dying to know what your answer was.
So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
Wow! You are talking to me? I think my dreams have finally come true!
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You look like a dream.
You're so fine I must be dreaming.
Are you a campfire? Because you are hot and I want s'more.
Are you a tamale? Because you're hot.
Are you having a good summer? Because you're hot.
Are you Jewish? Because you ISRAELI HOT.
Baby, I'm like a firefighter, I find them hot and leave 'em wet!
Baby, you are hotter than an afternoon in July!
Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Congratulations! My friends and I have voted you the hottest guy around! And your prize is …a date with me!
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Didn't I pick you up in the grocery store? Because you're hot like salsa
Do you have a sunburn baby, or are you always this hot?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Excuse me, could you please dial down your hotness, it's causing global warming
Get me some cooling aloe gel, because you are making me as hot as a sunburn.
Hey is it hot because I think im melting all over you !
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh… you just look hot to me.
How long did it take you to walk around the sun to look that hot and be that sexy.
How much did it cost? (What?) The surgery that made you so hot!
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
I hope there's a fireman around, because you're smoking hot.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
I need a place to stay, because you're so hot you burnt my house down.
I want you more then a Popsicle on a hot summer day
I'd offer you a cigarette, but you're already smoking hot.
I'm going to need a tall glass of cold water, because baby your making me HOT!
If a girl's name is heather say: Your so hot the first four letters of your name spell heat.
If I had a dollar for every chick I'd seen as hot as you… I'd have one dollar!!
If I was any object I would be a fan, so when you turn me on, I can cool you down when you get hot.
If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
If it weren't for the summer sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine
If you were a year you'd be the last one, because you're the hottest on record
If you weren't here I'd be the hottest person in this place.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is it hot in here, or are your boobs just huge.
Is there an excessive heat warning or am I just hot for you.
Is your father Little Caesar? Because you look Hot 'n Ready.
Is your name Summer because you are hot!
It's a good thing I wore my gloves today; otherwise, you'd be too hot to handle.
So…did you just dump your boyfriend because you were to hot for him?
The only thing hotter than today is your body.
They say apples don't fall far from the tree so you're mom must be hot too.
We're like hot chocolate and marshmallows... You're hot and I wanna be on top of you.
We're like Little Caesar's, we're Hot and Ready.
What do you and the weather have in common? You're both Hot!
Ya know, you look really hot! You must be real reason for global warming.
You are so hot you make the windows fog.
You are so hot. The sun is jealous.
You are the hottest thing since sunburn.
You just caused a heat wave, because that's how hot you are.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill
You look so hot that I could cook rice on you.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
You remind me of a pop tart. (Why?) You're cool because you're hot!
You should go in the water, because you're so hot you're on fire!
You're as hot as a desert summer.
You're hotter than a Bunsen burner set to full power!
You're hotter than donut grease.
You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.
You're so hot the sun is jealous.
You're so hot you could make a deceased man's dick rise from the dead!
You're so hot you must've started global warming.
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
You're so hot, even my pants are falling for you!
You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.
You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.
You're so hot, that if you ate a piece of bread, you'd poop out toast!
You're so hot, you're making my beer warm.
You're so hot; you make the sun envious.
Your so hot the sun has to wear sunglasses just to look at you.
Your so hot when i look at you i get a tan
Your so hot you make my teeth sweat
(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!
(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.
(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
(Put your fingers on the other's nipples) Hey, here's (name), comin' at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?
(She asks you the time) Its two flirty and the date's with you and me.
(steps on some ice) Now that the ice is broken, what's your name?
(To someone working somewhere where a counter separates you) You're like a drug to me. Good thing you're over the counter.
(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!
[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, 'What are you doing?' You respond: 'Yep! Made in heaven!'
[Point at her butt] Pardon me, is this seat taken?
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and he says to her ' I will stop loving you when all the roses die'
A face without freckles is like a night sky without stars.
All those curves, and me with no brakes!
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Are those diamonds real? [YES] I was talking about the ones in your eyes.
Are those space pants? Because your ass is out of this world!
Are we related? Do you want to be?
Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling
Are you a beaver? Because daaaaam!
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you a campfire? Because you are hot and I want s'more.
Are you a cat? Because you are purrrfect
Are you a crayon? Because you bring color to my life.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.
Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.
Are you a Hurricane [name]? Because you're blowing me away.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you a light switch? 'Because you turn me on!
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Are you a microwave oven? Because you melt my heart.
Are you a model?
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got FINE written all over you.
Are you a Snickers bar? Because you satisfy me.
Are you a tamale? 'Because you're hot.
Are you a terrorist? ... cause you're the bomb!
Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
Are you an interior decorator? Because you are making this room beautiful
Are you an orphanage? Because I wanna give you kids.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
Are you busy tonight around 2 a.m.?
Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!
Are you form Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!!!
Are you from China? Because I'm China get your number.
Are you from Holland? Because amsterdayyyuuumm.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie about that part?
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you Google? Because I've just found what I've been searching for.
Are you Jewish? Because you ISRAELI HOT.
Are you looking for a shallow relationship?
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here
Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Are you on Nickelodeon? Because you're a-Dora-ble!
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.
Are you sure you're not an alien because you've just abducted my heart!
Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.
Are you the new school janitor? Because you just swept me off my feet.
Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, Because you look sweet and delicious.
Are your parents bakers? Because they sure made you a cutie pie!
Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special.
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!
Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.
Baby, I know my chemistry, and you've got one significant figure.
Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.
Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
Bond....James Bond
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
Can I borrow a quarter? ['What for?'] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Can I copy your dance moves?
Can I follow you home? Because my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
Can I tie your shoe? Because I can't have you fall for anyone else.
Can you kiss me on the cheek so I can at least say a cute girl kissed me tonight?
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
Can you take me to the bakery? Because, I want a Cutiepie like you!
Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
Could you please step away from the bar? You're melting all the ice!
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. {Oh Really. What is that?} Its just that...your numbers not in it.
Damn girl, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Damn girl, if you were a fruit, you'd be a FINEapple!
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track
Damn girl, your legs go all the way up and make and ass of themselves!
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
Damn! You with those curves and me without brakes!
Did god take the thunder out the sky and put it in your thighs?!
Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?
Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Did you hear that? Was that canon fire? Oh no, it's just my heart pounding!
Did you invent the airplane? Because you seem Wright for me
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Because you have a pretty sweet ass
Did your father have sex with a carrot? Because you've got nice eyes.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Do I know you? Because you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again?
Do you bleach your teeth? 'Because your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have a keg in your pants? Because I'd like to tap that!
Do you have a map? Because I just keep getting lost in your eyes!
Do you have a mirror in your pocket? 'Because I could see myself in your pants.
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Do you have a pencil? Because I want to erase your past and write our future.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
Do you have an eraser? Because I can't get you out of my mind.
Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?
Do you have any sunscreen? 'Because you are burning me up!
Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?
Do you have the time? No, the time to write down my number?
Do you know how I got these biceps? By lifting children out of poverty.
Do you know karate cause your body is kickin
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.
Do you know karate? Because your body's kickin!
Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Do you know what'd look good on you? Me.
Do you like short love affairs? I hate them - I've got all weekend.
Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.
Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
Do you sleep on your stomach? No. Can I?
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Do you work at Dick's? Because you're sporting the goods.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Do you work at subway? Because you just gave me a footlong!
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
Don’t you work at Hooters?
Even if there wasn't any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
Excuse me, but you dropped something back there' (What?) 'This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Excuse me, could you please dial down your hotness, it's causing global warming
Excuse me, does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
Excuse me, I'm lost. Can you give me directions to your house?
Excuse me, if I go straight this way, will I be able to reach your heart?
Excuse me. I'm from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I'm going to have to ask you to assume the position
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.
Girl you so fine I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of y'all!
Girl you're like a car accident, cause I just can't look away.
Girl, are you a cop? [No] Because you're America's Finest
Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit!
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me.
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Have you been to the doctor lately? Because I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.
Heaven's missing an Angel.
Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say 'happily'.
Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back
Here's $10. Drink until I am really good looking, then come and talk to me.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
Hey baby, I must be a light switch, because every time I see you, you turn me on!
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!
Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.
Hey how many boyfriends have you had? (Like 10 I Think) Could I Make That 11?
Hey, are you my appendix? Because I don't understand what you do, but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out?
Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?
Hey, I didn't know angels flew so low.
Hey, I'm new in town.
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under 'Shazaam!'?
Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.
Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Hi, I have big feet.
Hi, I'm a fashion photographer. Would you like to be in my next photo shoot?
Hi, I'm Mr. Right--I heard you were looking for me.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Hi, my name is Doug. That's 'god' spelled backwards with a little bit of U wrapped up in it
Hi, the voices in my head told me to come over and talk to you.
Hi. I'm an astronaut, and my next mission is to explore Uranus.
How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.
How does it feel to be the most beautiful girl in this place?
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.
How much does a polar beat weight? Enough to break the ice!
How much? To buy your heart baby...
How was heaven when you left it?
I am a man of few words. You are beautiful. Would you like to go out?
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
I can hold my liquor but kissing you would make me weak at the knees.
I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is 'good bye'.
I can't think of anyone else I'd rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.
I could use some spare change and you're a dime.
I didn't believed in heaven, until I saw you.
I didn't know angels were allowed on campus.
I didn't know that angels could fly so low!
I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.
I don't know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.
I don't know you, but I think I love you already
I have an 'owie' on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.
I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!
I hope there's a fireman around, cause you're smokin'!
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
I hope you like coffee...because I always have Folgers in my Cup
I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
I just got this naughty list from Santa and I'm pretty sure you're on it.
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are!
I know I don't have a chance, but I just wanted to hear an angel speak.
I know I'm not a library book but I can tell when you're checking me out.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
I know somebody who likes you but if I weren't so shy, I'd tell you who.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
I love my bed, but I'd rather be in yours.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
I may not be DQ, but I could treat you right.
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
I must be in heaven because I'm looking at an angel!
I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?
I need more than 140 characters to tell you how beautiful you are.
I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What's your number?
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.
I think it is time I tell you what people are saying behind your back. Nice Ass!
I think there's something wrong with my eyes because I can't take them off you.
I think you just stole something. [What?] My heart.
I think you're suffering from a lack on vitamin me.
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
I tried to send you something sexy last night but the mail man told me to get out of the mailbox
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way
I want our love to be like pi, irrational and never ending.
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
I want to tell you your fortune. [Take her hand and write your phone number on it.] Your future is clear.
I want you almost as much as I want world peace.
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there. So I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
I was wondering if you have a moment to spare for me to hit on you?
I wasnt sure if you were a beautiful angel or a sexy devil, but now that I'm close I see heaven in your eyes.
I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.
I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.
I won't give you a pick-up line, if you let me buy you a drink.
I would die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you!
I'd marry your cat just to get in the family.
I'd offer you a cigarette, but you're already smoking hot.
I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
I'd suck a fart out of your ass and hold it like a bong hit.
I'll be Burger King and you be McDonald's. I'll have it my way, and you'll be lovin' it.
I'll cook you dinner if you cook me breakfast.
I'll show you my tan lines if you show me yours.
I'm drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now!
I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
I'm going outside to make out... care to join me?
I'm going to need a tall glass of cold water, because baby your making me HOT!
I'm lactose intolerant so please keep your cheesy pick up lines away from me.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
I'm Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me?
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you.
I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, would you like to?
I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you.
I've been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look?
I've got skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
I've gotta thirst, baby, and you smell like my Gatorade.
I've had a really bad day but it always makes me feel better when I see a pretty girl smile. Would smile for me and make my day?
I've had such an off week but seeing you just turns me on.
I've heard it's bad luck not to kiss someone at midnight. (New Year's Eve)
I've noticed you noticing me and I'm just giving you notice that I've noticed you!
I’m single and desolate. Can you help me?
I’ve only got three months to live.
If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don't worry I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.
If I could reach out and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
If I freeze, it's not a computer virus. I was just stunned by your beauty.
If I get hooked on you, will you hook up with me?
If I had a garden I'd put your two lips and my two lips together.
If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
if I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say 'I love you' with my last breath!
If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...
If I had to rate you out of 10 I'd rate you a 9... because I am the one that you are missing!
If I received a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If I told you that you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
If i was cosin squared and you were sin squared we would be one.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red every time you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If I were writing an essay on your beauty, I wouldn't need to double-space or increase the margin sizes to satisfy the minimum page requirement.
If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard
If LOVE was written on every grain of sand in the Sahara Desert that still doesn't equal my love for you.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If stars would fall every time I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
if we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. (tulips = two lips)
If we’re going to have sex later, you probably should be there.
If women were trophies, you'd be first place!
If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
If you were a laser you would be set on stunning.
If you were a library book, I would check you out.
If you were a new hamburger at McDonald's, you would be a McGorgeous.
If you were a potato, you'd be a sweet one.
If you were a steak you would be well done.
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
If you weren't here I'd be the hottest person in this place.
If you're advertising, I'm buying!
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
If your left leg is Thanksgiving, and your right leg is Christmas, can I visit you between the holidays?
Inheriting 10 million dollars doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart
Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
Is it bright out here, or is that just your halo?
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is there a rainbow today? I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
Is there a science room nearby, or am I just sensing the chemistry between us?
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
Is your body from McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it!
Is your father a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!
Is your father a drug dealer? Because you're so Dope!
Is your father a jewel thief? because you're a real gem.
Is your father a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
Is your father an art thief? Because you're a masterpiece.
Is your father Little Caesar? Because you look Hot 'n Ready.
Is your last name Campbell? Because you're 'mmmm... good!'
Is your last name Campbell? Because you're mm mm good!
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.
Is your name 'Swiffer'? 'Because you just swept me off my feet.
Is your name Katrina? [No, why?] 'Cuz baby, you rock me like a hurricane!
Is your name mickey? because your so FINE!
Is your name Summer? 'Because you are as hot as hell.
It's a good thing I wore my gloves today; otherwise, you'd be too hot to handle.
It's a good thing that I have my library card. Why? Because I am totally checking you out!!
It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.
It's not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Kissing burns 5 calories a minute. How about a workout?
Kissing is a language of love, so how about a conversation?
Know what's on the menu? Me-n-u.
Lemme borrow that number gurl.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I dont want you falling for anyone else.
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.
Let's have breakfast together tomorrow; shall I call you or nudge you?
Let's make like a fabric softener and snuggle!
Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
Lets play carpenter. First we get hammered, then I'll nail you!
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Looks like you dropped something , My jaw!
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
My name is [your here] but you can call me tonight!
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to!
Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Oh no, I'm choking! I need mouth to mouth, quick!
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
On a scale of one to America, how free are you tonight?
Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!
Our break-up is worse than traffic in NY. I cant move-on!
People call me John, but you can call me Tonight!
Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.
Pointing at a spot on a girls face and say; You got a little beautiful on your face.
Put down that cupcake... you're sweet enough already.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Roses are red, bananas are yellow, wanna go out with a nice little fellow?
Santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true.
Say 'I bet I can kiss you on the lips without touching you.' and kiss her, then tell her you lost the bet.
See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I'm cute.
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
Shall we talk or continue flirting from a distance?
She/He says: 'Hold on'
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
Smile if you want to sleep with me.
Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!
So there you are! I've been looking all over for you, the woman of my dreams
So, do you have a new years resolution, I'm looking at mine right now.
So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?
Somebody better call God, cause heaven's missing an angel
Somebody call the cops, because it's got to be illegal to look that good!
Somebody needs to call the bomb squad, because you're the bomb!
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Stand still so I can pick you up!
Stare at girl . ('What're you staring at?')
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
Summer's over, because you're about to fall for me.
That dress would look great on my bedroom floor!
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
There are 20 angels in the world 11 are playing, 8 are sleeping and 1 of them is standing in front of me.
There are 206 bones in the human body... do you want another one?
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
There isn't a word in the dictionary to describe how beautiful you are.
There must be a light switch on my forehead because every time I see you, you turn me on!
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
There's a big sale in my bedroom right now. Clothes are now 100% off!
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
There's a party in my pants and your invited.
They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
They say milk does a body good, but you're living proof!
They say not to judge a book by it's cover but I don't even know you and I'm checking you out.
This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.
This time next year let’s be laughing together.
Too cheesy for you? Try these dirty lines
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Wanna get some coffee, Because I like you a Latte
Wanna play Words With Friends With Benefits?
Wanna ring in the new year with a bang?
Want to be different? Say yes.
Want to come see my HARD DRIVE? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!
Was your father a baker? Because you've got a nice set of buns.
Was your father a boxer? Because you're a knockout!
Was your father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?
Was your father a thief? 'Because someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Was your father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on earth!
Was your father in the Air Force? Because you're da bomb.
Was your father king? He must have been to make a princess like you.
We're like Little Caesar's, we're Hot and Ready.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get 'love' and 'lust' mixed up.
Were do you hide your wings?
Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.
What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.
What do you and the weather have in common? You're both Hot!
What do you want for Christmas? A date with you!
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
What has 148 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk? My Zipper!
What is your favorite color? [Color] Mine too!
What size shoe you wear baby girl? I'm gonna guess size sexy!
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
What's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!
When God made you, he was showing off
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
Whenever I think of the finer things in life, I think of exotic cars, fine wine and you.
Why don't you surprise your roommate and not come home tonight?
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Would you sleep with a stranger? [No] Then Hi, my name is...
Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
Wow! Are those real?
Yes, that's a iPhone in my pocket, but I'm also glad to see you.
You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.
You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
You are so sweet you could put Hershey's out of business.
You are the reason men fall in love.
You are the reason Santa even has a naughty list.
You are what I want for Christmas.
You Auto-Complete me.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
You better call Life Alert, because I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
You hear that? The ocean wants you to join me for a drink.
You know how they say skin is the largest organ? Not in my case.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
You know what material this is? [Grab your shirt] Boyfriend material.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You know, beautiful is my favorite color. (girl) that's not a color.(boy) its the color of your eyes.
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?
You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!
You know, it'd be a lot easier for me to sweep you off your feet if you stood up.
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You are making the other women look bad.
You look beautiful today, just like every other day.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
You look familiar.
You look like a cool glass of refreshing water, and I am the thirstiest man in the world.
You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.
You look like Pamela Anderson’s sister.
You look so familiar… didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
You make me wish I weren't gay!
You make my software turn to hardware!
You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy
You really shouldn't wear makeup. You're messing with perfection!
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
You Say: 'Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you.'
You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.
You see my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I'm cute
You should be someone's wife.
You should go in the water, because you're so hot you're on fire!
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
You, Before I Wake Up From this Dream.
You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.
You're 'No Parking' right? Just trying to guess your sign.
You're hotter than donut grease.
You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.
You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
You're like a prize winning fish. I dont know whether to eat you or mount you.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line
You're so hot you must've started global warming.
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.
You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.
You're so hot, that if you ate a piece of bread, you'd poop out toast!
You're so hot, you'd make the devil sweat
You're so hot; you make the sun envious.
You're so sweet, you're giving me a toothache.
You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'
You’re so beautiful; your birthday should be a national holiday.
Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
Your eyes are bluer than the Atlantic ocean, and baby I'm lost at sea!
Your eyes are like a sunset, They're Beautiful, inspiring, and hard to turn away from.
Your father must have been a baker, because you've got a nice set of buns
Your father must have been a thief. Because he stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you
Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
Your name must be Lucky Charms because you’re magically delicious!
Your smile lit up the room, so I just had to come over.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
Are you a cigarette? Because you got a hot butt.
Are you butt dialing? Because I swear that ass is calling.
Are you from Iraq? Because I like the way you Baghdad ass up.
Are you from the ghetto? Because I'm about to ghetto hold of dat ass.
Are you from the moon? Because your physique is out of this world.
Are your legs made of Nutella? Because I'd love to spread them!
Are your legs tired, because you've been running through my mind all day long.
As long as I have a face, you'll have a place to sit.
Brrr! My hands are cold. Can I warm them in your heaving breasts?
Damn girl I'd love to kiss those beautiful, luscious lips. And the ones on your face.
Did you know the human body is 90% water and I'm really thirsty.
Did you sit in sugar? Because you got a sweet ass.
Do you have a map? Because I'm lost in your huge boobs.
Do you have a shovel? Because I'm digging that ass!
Do you have an inhaler? Because you've got ass ma.
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kicking.
Do you like pudding? Because I'll be pudding this dick in your ass.
Do you like Wendy's? Cause you're gonna love Wendy's nuts slap yo face!
Do you work for Papa Johns? Because you're a fine pizza ass.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Does your ass have Allstate insurance? [No, why?] Well do you want it to be in good hands?
Excuse me, I am about to go masturbate and needed a name to go with the face.
Excuse me, mind if I stare at you for a minute? I want to remember your face
First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button.
Girl, you got more legs than a bucket of chicken.
Girl, your body is a wonderland, and I want to be Alice so that I can run around all over you.
Got me? I'll do your body good.
Guy: Excuse me did you just feel my ass? Girl: No. Guy: Why not?
Guy: Hey, are my hands cold? Girl: Why? Guy: [Reach out and gently touch her cheek]. Girl: Because your face is really hot!
Guy: You look life my first wife! Girl: How many have you had? Guy: None
Hatchling, you put the 'ass' in Jurassic.
Hello? Oh, your body was calling me from across the room.
Hey baby, as long as I have a face, you'll have a place to sit.
Hey baby, need a mechanic for that finely tuned body?
I hope you like dragons, because I'll be dragon my balls across your face tonight.
I hope your day is as nice as your butt.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
I like your hair, your eyes, your smile... I like every bone in your body... Especially mine!
I must expel some seminal fluid. May I use your body?
I think it's time I tell you what people are saying behind your back... 'Nice ass!'
I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart...
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
If you ever need a vacation, my body is your pleasure island.
If your right leg was Christmas and your left leg was Easter, would you let me come for dinner between the holidays?
Is it hot in here, or are your boobs just huge.
Is that a keg in your pants? Because I'd love to tap that ass.
Is your body from McDonalds? Because I'm loving it.
Just where do those legs of yours end?
Let's go back to my room and do some math: Add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply.
Looking at a rose is like looking at your beautiful face.
Looking at a rose is like looking at your beautiful face.
May I have the distinguished honor and privilege of sitting next to you?
My dick just died. Would you mind if I buried it in your ass?
My hands are cold, can I warm them between your legs?
Nice boobs. Can I feel them?
Nice legs... Shame about the face.
Papa bear looked ok, mama bear looked a little better, but mmmm baby bear looks just right!
Tell your boobs to stop staring at my eyes.
The most heavenly body was sitting right next to me.
The word of the day is 'legs.' Let's go back to my place and spread the word.
There are 206 bones in the human body. How would you like one more?
Those boobs look very heavy... can I hold them for you?
Uncross your legs love, you're squashing my dinner.
Wanna play carnival? You sit on my face and I guess how much you weigh.
Was your father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?
What is on your butt? My eyes!
What's your favorite temple? Because you're mine.
What’s that on your face? *kiss* Just what I figured…lips.
What’s that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off.
When I saw your face I thought I died and went to heaven.
Whoops I dropped a quarter can u pick it up for me while I look at your legs?
Why pay for a bra, when I would gladly hold your boobs up all day for free?
With a body like yours, you've got to refer me to your plastic surgeon.
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!
Wow, you have some sweet birthing hips.
You are so selfish! You're going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night.
You can call me cake, because I'll go straight to your ass.
You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!
You must have a ninja in your pants, because your ass is kicking
You remind me of the movie 'Scarface' cause I want you to say hello to my little friend.
You're good looking, you got a beautiful body, beautiful legs, beautiful face, all these guys in love with you. Only you've got a look in your eye like you haven't been fucked in a year.
Your body is a wonderland and I want to be Alice.
Your body is like a haiku in motion.
Your body is like a temple.
Your body must be a Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be.
Your breasts remind me of Mount Rushmore - my face should be among them.
Your face reminds me of a wrench, every time I think of it my nuts tighten up.
Your legs are like an Oreo Cookie - I wanna split them and eat all the good stuff in the middle.
[Check back of her shirt] Where's the tag that says 'made in heaven'?
Am I dead, Angel-face? Because those wings are heavenly!
Am I dead, Angel? Because this must be heaven!
Angels fall from the sky, I rise from the bottom
Are you a care package? Because you must've fallen from heaven.
Are you dead or alive? Because my religion says only the dead can be angels.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Are you religious? Because you are the answer to all my prayers.
Baby, somebody better call God, because he’s missing an angel!
Can I get your picture to prove to all my friends that angels really do exist?
Did you fell from heaven because have sex with me?
Do you believe in modern revelation? Because I believe I'm standing in front of an angel.
Don't mind me, I'm an astronomer checking out heavenly bodies.
Girl, did you fall from heaven to be with me?
Guy: Can I borrow your cell phone? Girl: Sure why? Guy: I need to phone heaven and tell God I found the missing angel!
Heaven's missing an Angel.
Hello angel, would you like to ride a rainbow with me?
Hey can you take off your clothes for me? I want to see how an angel hides its wings.
How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.
I didn't believed in heaven, until I saw you.
I didn’t know that angels could fly so low!
I hope Angels know CPR because you take my breath away.
I know I dont have a chance, but I just wanted to hear an angel talk.
I must be in heaven because I'm looking at an angel!
I think I can die happy now, because I've just seen a piece of heaven.
I wasnt sure if you were a beautiful angel or a sexy devil, but now that I'm close I see heaven in your eyes.
Is that a ladder in your pants or a stairway to heaven?
Is that baby oil on your forehead? Because you shine like an angel.
It must be a day off in heaven for an angel like you to be amongst us.
Nice wings! Can i buy you another vodka Red Bull?
Speak of the devil....or should I say 'Angel'?
There are 20 angels in the world 11 are playing, 8 are sleeping and 1 of them is standing in front of me.
Was it red bull that gave you wings or are you just an angel?
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
When I marry I wonder if God will be mad that I stole one of his angels.
Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
You’re a twinkle in my eye and an angel from the sky.
You’ve go something on you head. (what?) A halo.
You’ve got something on your back! (what?) Angel wings!
By the way the light is hitting your eyes, I can see myself in them, and damn, I look good!
Do you carry another weapon with you besides your eyes?
Do you have a map? Because I just keep getting lost in your eyes!
Do you have a map? Because I'm getting lost in your eyes.
Do you remember Crayola Crayons? They used to have this color: Blizzard Blue. It was my favorite color and I could never figure out why. But I just realized why, your eyes…Blizzard Blue.
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, because I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
Go up to the person and ask for their hand. Draw a line across it and explain that it's a big river, and the bunny on this side really needs to get to the other side. Then tell the person how they think that bunny got across. And when they finally give up, give them puppy eyes and tell them that there was no bunny, but that you just wanted to hold their hand.
Guy: What's on your face?
Girl: What get it off
Guy: Oh it's just your beautiful eyes
Have you ever been to Hawaii? Well it was the most beautiful thing I've seen till I gazed into your eyes
Help, something's wrong with my eyes – I just can't take them off you.
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt: my eyes.
I can see forever in your eyes.
I don't know if you're beautiful or not, I haven't gotten past your eyes
I have something in my eye. [look her in her eyes] It's still there its beautiful.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
I tried to find the perfect line to make you mine, sweetheart, but after searching all I could come up with was this look in my eyes and your hand in mine, and the words, will you be mine?
I would love to be your tears, to be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks
I've counted all the stars before. And I think I've missed two. They're in your eyes
If you have a chance to become anything on earth what would you want to become?' [the answer] you: ' well to me, I want to be your tear drop: I was born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
Is my heart on fire or am I just lost in a love maze without you!
Is your daddy a thief? Then how did he steal the sparkle of the stars and put it in your eyes?
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
The only thing your eyes haven't told me about you is your name.
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
When I look into your eyes, I see an ocean
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
When I'm eighty, I'll look back on three big things in my life: getting married, having kids and the first time I laid eyes on you.
Who took the stars out of the sky and put them in your eyes?
You got something on your chest: my eyes
You know that I think about you only twice a day? Once when my eyes are open, and once when they are closed.
You know what? Your eyes are the same color as my Porsche.
You must be from out of space cause I can see the stars in your eyes.
You need $20 and a friend. Give friend the $20. Walk up to target. Friend says, 'You're right. Those are the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen.' Hands you the $20 and walks away.
You're eyes are bluer than the Atlantic Ocean and baby, I'm all lost at sea.
Your earrings are the mirrors which reflect the moonlight into your eyes
Your eyes are as blue as my toilet water at home.
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
Your eyes are really cute. Oh, wait! I think the right one is a little cuter than the left one.
Your eyes are so mysterious I'd like to be your detective.
Your eyes have touched my soul
Your senses must be messed up, because your eyes are talking to me.
[Ask a woman for the time]. Thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met you.
Are you a clock? Because you are ticking me off.
Can I adjust your body clock?
Come back to my place so I can lose sleep over you.
Damn girl, you are the finest girl in 2015 (or whatever year it is).
Do you have the time?
Do you have the time? [Gives the time] No, the time to write down my number?
Do you have the time? Because I've got the place!
Does your watch have a second hand? I want to know how long it took for me
Excuse me, but I DO think it's time we met.
Excuse me, mind if I stare at you for a minute? I want to remember your face for my dreams.
Guy to a girl: What time do you have to be at work in the morning? Girl answers: 8 am. Guy answers: Then I'll set the alarm for 7 am
Have you got the time? [Gives the time] Cool, so you have a watch, I'll be here at 8, don't be late.
I didn't change my clocks so that I could get behind you.
I lost an hour of time. Can I borrow one of yours?
I set my clock two hours ahead so I could see a future with you in it.
I want to make love to you like there are 24 hours in this day.
I'm easy like Sunday morning.
I'm a fortune teller and I predict that in about two minutes your going to be snogging me
If beauty were sunlight, you'd shine from a million light-years away.
If beauty were time, you'd be an eternity.
If looks could count for a minute, you'd be a pretty long day!
If we're going to transcend the human construct of time together, at least buy me a drink first.
Let's do it at 2 a.m. and I'll rock your world till 3:03, baby.
My clock tower just sprang forward. Wanna see?
My magic watch says you don't have any underwear on. Oh, you do? It must be 15 minutes fast.
That's a nice watch. [Thank you] Actually, that's a nice dress. [Again, thank you] Come to think of it, everything is nice on you.
The days aren't the only thing that just got longer.
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
When I met you, my heart skipped a beat and an hour.
When I'm with you, time disappears.
When im eighty, I'll look back on three big things in my life: getting married, having kids and the first time I laid eyes on you.
You make me feel like a clock: all gooey inside.
Are your parents assholes? Because your the shit.
Did your daddy write a dictionary because you put meaning in my life
Does your daddy work at the grocery store because you have nice melons!
Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!
Excuse me is your daddy a lumber jack? Girl: No. why? because every time i look at you i get wood in my pants
If you got those eyes from your mother, I know exactly why your daddy married her.
Is you daddy a lumberjack, because baby you giving me wood
Is you daddy named Oliver, because soon you'll be Oliver this dick.
Is your daddy a boxer? 'No Why?' Because your one hell of a knock out!!!
Is your daddy a butcher? Because I want to bone you.
Is your daddy a car salesman? [Why?] Because you have nice head lights.
Is your daddy a carnie (carnival worker) Because I want you sit to on my face while I try to guess your weight.
Is your daddy a dentist?(if yes) Then open wide
Is your daddy a doctor? Because you just cured my erectile dysfunction.
Is your daddy a donkey? Because you have a great ass!
Is your daddy a drug dealer? because you sure are dope!
Is your daddy a farmer? Because you sure do know how to raise the cock.
Is your daddy a genie because your making my dreams come true
Is your daddy a grocery store attendant because you have nice melons!
Is your daddy a hunter? Because your such a fox!
Is your daddy a jalapeno because you sure are hot
Is your daddy a lock smith because you have the keys to my heart.
Is your daddy a magician? Because abracaDAYUM!
Is your daddy a photographer? Because I can picture us together.
Is your daddy a pilot because my heart taking off
Is your daddy a pilot? Because you're FLY!
Is your daddy a sergeant because your making my privates stand at attention!
Is your daddy a spandex salesman? ... Because you're TIGHT!
Is your daddy a terrorist? Because you r the bomb.
Is your daddy a thief, Because he stole all of the stars in the sky and put them in your eyes
Is your daddy a thief, because he stole all those diamonds and put them in your eyes.
Is your daddy a thief? Why? Because I saw him steal all the stars out of the sky and put them in your eyes.
Is your daddy a traffic cop? Because you got fine written all over you.
Is your daddy a wielder, [wait for answer]? Because you know how to mend my broken heart'
Is your daddy a wrestler, because I just want to take you down.
Is your daddy an alien because your out of this world
Is your daddy an Aquafina worker because your jugs are perfect
Is your daddy an artist because your a fine piece of work
Is your daddy an astronaut? Girl: no then how did you get those stars in your eyes
Is your daddy an electrician? (if answered no) O i thought he was b/c you are so Electrifying (If answered yes) I knew there had to be a reason why you are so electrifying!
Is your daddy retarded because your special.
Is your daddy the owner of Wendy's because you make me want to eat great even late!
Is your daddy Tony The Tiger (Frosted Flakes) because you look gggggreat
Is your daddy Willy Wonka because you look delicious
Is your mom a hooker? Because I'm hooked on you.
Was your daddy a bricklayer? Because you have one hell of a foundation.
Was your daddy a leprechaun, because Irish you were naked.
Was your daddy a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?
Was your father a meat-burglar? because someone stole two fine hams and shoved them down the back of your pants
Your daddy must be a cheeseburger, because I could nom you all night long
Your daddy must be a farmer, because you sure have grown some nice melons.
Your daddy must be a high jumper, because you make my bar raise!
Your daddy must be an archer, because he sure shot a bullseye.
Your daddy must have been a Baker, because you got the nicest set of buns I've ever saw.
Your daddy must play the trumpet, because your making me horny!
Your father must be a thief, because he stole the brightest star in the sky and put it in your eyes
Are you a camera? Every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you smiling at me or do I have my contacts in wrong?
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.
Do you know Expelliarmus? Because your smile is disarming.
Don't smile. Because if you smile then everything about you will be perfect and I will fall in love instantly.
Everytime I see you my heart smiles.
Excuse me, you have a sensuous overbite.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me.
Hey, don't frown you'll never know who might be falling in love with your smile.
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
Hey, I know you. Yeah, you're the woman with the million dollar smile.
Hey, I wanted to tell you...that smile of yours drives me crazy.
Hey, where did your smile go? (Check back pocket) Here it is!
How many words can you make out of the word 'smile'? (I, Me, I'm, Lie, Mile, Lime, Slime)
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I love it when I catch you looking at me then you smile and look away.
I love your smile. It reminds me the smile of the person whom I want to marry someday.
I'd smile and wink at you even if it didn't humanize me. (Sherlock)
I'll buy you a drink every time you smile at ME tonight. (Better bring your credit card)
I'm on smile patrol. You've exceeded the smile speed patrol.
If I could reach out and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
If someone would ask me what a beautiful life means, I would lean my head on your shoulder, hold you close to me and answer with a smile, 'Like this.'
Is that smile patented?
Love your smile.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Our smiles should touch now.
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
Show me your overbite.
Smile if you want me!
Smile if you want to sleep with me.
Smile if you're happy & want wild and crazy sex! Don't smile if you just want wild and crazy sex.
Smile if you're sexy!
Smile, it can't be that bad.
So you floss!
The Sun turns pale at your smile.
They asked me for durgs, so I told them about your smile.
To me, a smile from you is like a sock to Dobby.
You have the most beautiful smile in the world, and I'd like to celebrate this point with you.
You have the whitest teeth I've ever seen.
You know at this angle as the lights hit your eyes [start fixing hair] I can see myself and I look great.' Then smile, and sheepishly say 'just kidding.' 
You make me smile more than the phrase 'He is holding a cat'.
Your smile could sell a half-million magazine covers.
Your smile glows brighter than a lightsaber.
Your smile is like sunshine.
Your smile lit up the room, so I just had to come over.Are you a property inspector? Because you are checking me out.
Baby, I'm not asking your for an easement, just a mere right of recreation and amusement.
Baby, I’ve been inspecting your assets all day!
Come into my office and let's take a look at the listings.
Does the house come with mitochondria? Because my power house is producing a lot of energy.
Does this room smell like chloroform to you?
For you, I'm willing to break all the Code of Ethics.
Hello my sexy single neighbor. Would you like to 'Combination'?
Hey girl, you might not realize, but you have a lien on my heart.
Hey, baby. Are you looking for property? Because I'm a real estate agent and I've got an opening on 'Boner Street.'
Home is not a place. It's a feeling. I can give you both.
Housing market goes up and down. Service stays forever.
I love you more than I love referrals...
I would like to pay with cash upfront and take our relationship further and faster.
I'm an appraiser and I'm here to tell you – you are priceless.
I'm sorry, but I'm required by law to disclosure how beautiful you are.
I've already kicked Sallie Mae out. Want to take her place?
Kissing is like real estate. The most important thing is location, location, location.
Let me help you sniff out your next home. I've got all the qualifications.
Let's make it official and close the escrow.
Love is buying your first home together.
Meeting you is like how home buyers feel when they get the keys!
My heart has full occupancy with you in my life.
Now those are some tangible assets!
Please say it again: how long is the escrow?
Talking to you makes me feel like a first time homebuyer – nervous and excited.
The ladies here would agree—I've taken the place of the paid-off mortgage as the status symbol of choice.
There is an open house tomorrow. I can give you a private tour tonight.
Wanna talk about our Private Mortgage Insurance?
What a beautiful staging. I want to bang you on every piece of furniture.
With a frame and facade like that, you’re Class A in my book!
Would you let me holding period you forever?
You be my #1 client, and I’ll always respond to your requests and keep satisfaction high.
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy real estate, and that's kind of the same thing.
You know realtors are very strong. We can flip a house.
You must have many tenants… because you had no trouble attracting me.
You should just provide a full disclosure up front, because you are flawless.
You’re more than just a piece of property.
A portrait of you will need no photoshop at all.
Adobe should've called it InDesire.
Are you a serif font, or are you just happy to see me?
Baby got batch.
Baby I want to have you liquefy my tool!
Baby, lets hide some layers and then play with my brush tool
Baby, you must be a printer’s proof, because everyone else here is just a copy of you.
Bartender, a Distilled Postscript here for my new friend.
Before you came along, I was just Lipsum. With you, I’d be real content.
Before you were mine, everything was grayscale, but now I see the world in CMYK.
Can I Ctrl+O your blouse and Ctrl+S this moment forever?
Can I select your area with my magic wand?
Come back to my place and I’ll show you a really naughty way to fill up some negative space.
Do you want to touch my Bézier curves?
Dreamweaver... I believe you can get me through the ni-ight.
First I think I'll stroke your curve, then I'd like to fill you.
Futura generations will speak of our romance.
Got more cheese? Share it!
Has anybody ever told you that your teeth have perfect kerning?
Hey girl I bought Photoshop for the Magic Wand Tool 'cause I wanna make you my selection.
Hey girl I'd like to see twenty four frames of you per second.
Hey girl you shine so bright I need to change my ISO to 100.
How many levels of progressive disclosure is that dress?
I am a nudity photographer, would you like to be my model for the night?
I couldn’t help but notice your eye path went right to my smudge stick.
I dig your look and feel.
I hate Comic Sans too... wanna dance?
I just want to get the Helvetica out of here and run away with you.
I know just how you fill.
I like my fonts sans-serif, and you sans-pants.
I like to be touched...and re-touched
I want to live life with you to the fullest resolution (300 dpi).
I wish I had an Eyedropper to capture the color of your eyes.
I would love it if you Felt my Marker.
I wouldn't hit Ctrl+Z after a night with you.
I’m just like a global nav; I love to be on top.
I'd like to Ctrl+Z your pants . . .
If I hit Shift + [ will it increase the hardness of your brush?
If I went to a stock photography site and typed in the keyword: “sexy”, I bet there’d be a picture of you.
If only Helvetica Neue what I would like to do to you...
If our love continues on this vector, it will only grow without loss of quality or clarity.
If you bring the tool, I’ll bring the color palette.
If you left me, I would be cropped and have bleeds for you.
If you like what you see now, wait’ll you look below the fold.
If you were a logo, it would be for a really premium brand.
I'll make your clothes 0% opacity.
I'm hotter than Yuri Arcurs.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture us together.
I'm sorry, is my div tag open?
Is that Content Aware Scaling or are you just happy to see me?
Just looking at you from across the bar, I could tell you display high Brightness and Vibrance, and have multiple Layers.
Let’s “Skip Intro” and just go find a hotel room right now.
Let's crop out your boyfriend and play with my tool
Let's get dirty
Let's go to bed and do the baseline shift.
Lets go to my Creative Suite and have some hex. #696969 is my best.
Lets say you and me meet up sometime, and I can do your frontend AND your backend.
Mind if I perform a press check on you?
Mind if I put some transparencies on your clothes?
Mind if I take you for a usability test?
My favorite is #11. Great list!
My Haus or your Haus?
My heart was still like a .jpg. When you entered the room, it was as animated as a .gif. I want everything to be as transparent as a .png between us.
My parents are from Pakistan and Latin America... that makes me Palatino.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Our love can cross the Universe.
Our love is Avant Garde.
Sorry for staring, I thought your face was a work of art. May I capture it with my camera?
They will etch our love in Papyrus.
We can weather anything, because our love is Copperplated.
What if I told you the fly on my legs opens quicker than a 500kb JPEG file?
What Pantone are your underwear?
When I saw you, I had an Akzidenz Grotesk in my pants.
When I serve you breakfast in bed tomorrow, would you like your coffee with cream and sugar, or do you prefer it #000?
With you, I'd never stop().
Would you be interested in exploring a figure/ground relationship?
Would you like to lorem ipsum dolor sit on my lap?
You are one hot Firefox... how about some Private Browsing?
You can adjust my curves any day.
You give Neue meaning to the word Layout!!!
You know the hotkey to my Magic Wand Tool.
You look perfectly put together. Do you display this well in IE?
You must be an photographer, because you have capture my heart.
You put the ho in Hoefler.
You're so fine, you must be 1px.
You're turning my descender into an ascender.
You've got lovely #00FFFF eyes.
Are you a math teacher? Because you got me harder than calculus.
Baby your like a teacher and I am like a math book, you solve all my problems.
Baby, I know my math, and you’ve one significant figure.
Bet I can pick you up. (Gym Teacher)
Care to evaluate each other?
Care to take a spin in my Pinto?
Carry your bookbag?
drop and give me 69 (Gym Teacher)
Ever hear of dodgeball? (Gym Teacher)
Feel free to pee in the pool, I'll deal with it later. (Gym Teacher)
Gosh... I thought you were a student!
Hey girl, you have the highest tolerance for organized chaos of anyone I know.
Hey girl, you really rocked that new seating arrangement – way to separate the talkers.
Hey girl! From now on your IEPs will be done by elves, calories don’t count, and i’ll stay up late to help you color code data. Just thought you should know.
Hey girl! I know Mondays are hard, but you can get through it. Teach on girl.
Hey girl! I like my women how I like my bulletin boards. Bright, engaging and well-informed.
Hey girl! If I had to write a report card on you, I'd give you straight F’s….for Fabulous
Hey girl! It’s ok to use a stick day just for your own mental health.
Hey girl! That lesson ran bell-to-bell and included a motivation, whole class and group activities, higher order questioning, and a meaningful summary? Your organizational skills are out of this world.
Hey girl! Wine on a school night. Let me pour you a glass.
Hey girl! You really rocked that new seating arrangement-way to separate the walkers.
Hey teacher! You reached students on a whole new level when you incorporated film into the curriculum. Let’s turn on a movie and try out a new learning style.
Hey wanna sign my yearbook with you big pen.
Hey, meet me round the back for a home run. And this time, I won't get caught out. (Gym Teacher)
Hit the showers, it's time for handball lessons. (Gym Teacher)
Hit the showers, it’s time for handball lessons.
How about a little HANDS ON, sweetie?
How about I drop and give you 5 and a half? (Gym Teacher)
I am gonna do anything to get an A.
I am weak in studying but you can punish me hard as you can.
I can help you feel the burn (Gym Teacher)
I didn’t know angels were allowed in public schools.
I do an early practice at 5am, if you want to come over, I can make you breakfast..
I'm ADD....want to help me relax?
I’ve been a naughty school boy. You should teach me a lesson.
If I were a math teacher, I’d say that one plus two equals me and you!
If you were my homework I’d slam you down on my desk and do you!
Is that a pen in your pocket or are you just happy to see me.
Is there a science classroom nearby, or am I just sensing the chemistry between me and you?
Let's do committee sometime!
Meet me in the shed to grab the balls. (Gym Teacher)
Nice tackle. (Gym Teacher)
NOBODY diagrams a sentence like you, baby!
Shall we go to the mixed showers? (Gym Teacher)
Substitute teacher: 'does your normal teacher let you do that?'
Take a lap (Gym Teacher)
Teams will be red helmets vs blue helmets, come to my office to play against the purple helmet. (Gym Teacher)
That's not rope burn (Gym Teacher)
There's more than one thing resembling a horse in here. One's a piece of gym apparatus and one's in my pants. (Gym Teacher)
Think you're out of breath and sweaty now? You will be soon. (Gym Teacher)
Wanna climb my rope? (Gym Teacher)
We’re going to find out if 35 goes into 16.
What's a pretty lady like you doing in a lunchroom like this?
Who wants to play dodgeball (Gym Teacher)
You have the cutest little chalk chuck!
You work hard and make a difference take some time for yourself. Your students will understand.
All this corporate giving is getting me hot under the collar-you?
All this problem solving has me wanting to create problems.
Any chance you’d be interested in drilling down with me?
Are you from accounting? Because I was ac-counting on seeing you later.
Are you good with Excel? Then you must be good at spreadsheets.
Are you interested in managing my account?
At the office copy machine 'Reproducing eh?' 'Can I help?'
Baby, you can give me a call-to-action anytime.
Can I borrow a pen? I need it to write down your number when I ask you for it later today because I didn't want to look it up in the employee directory.
Can I expense you a drink?
Can I see the inside of your cubicle?
Can you assist me with this insertion order?
Can you file a workplace safety incident report? I just fell for you.
Can you help me figure out my operating system?
Come here often? Every day? From 9 to 5? Yeah, I guess that is often.
Do you have a privacy policy? Because I’d love to see your fine print.
Do you have the Wi-Fi password — because I'm feeling this connection.
Don’t feel like you have to go this alone, we can tag team.
Enterprise this.
Forecasting is for people who can’t live in the moment.
Hard cover briefcases are so much better.
How about we slip out of these suits and into something a little more casual Friday?
How would you like to make a 301 redirect to my heart?
I am feeling this burn rate in many places.
I bet it was your hotness that caused today's mandatory fire drill.
I can tell you’re a team player.
I can't erase you from my memory. (Office Supply – USB)
I don’t believe in automation, I am all hands on.
I don’t need to look at more data. What I’m feeling with you is already statistically significant.
I don’t think you and I will need any troubleshooting.
I love you like a marketer loves reporting.
I make small cubicles fun.
I may not be the most handsome guy using the copier, but right now, I'm the only one making you wait for it.
I was thinking about you during that entire conference call.
I would be happy to be your human resource.
I would like to put your consulting expertise to good use.
I would wager that two self-starters like ourselves would have a good time together.
I’d like to make you my feature PowerPoint presentation.
I’m not into cold-call sales, but I’d love to have your number.
If I told you, you had a nice pipeline, would you hold it against me?
If men were landing pages, I'd only want to convert on you.
If we went on a date, what do you think our profit and loss would be?
If you were Microsoft Office, I would totally Access you.
In all the power meetings I’ve ever been to, this room is one of the hottest…for real, it’s hot.
Instead of all these policies and procedures, let’s visit the idea of free will.
Is that low-hanging fruit or are you just happy to see me?
Just like your paid search campaign, you’ve made quite the impression on me.
Let’s do this, but in real time.
Let’s get out from under this fluorescent lighting and find somewhere more comfortable.
Let’s give you a skills analysis.
Me without you is like a marketer without analytics. Lost, visionless, and confused.
My account is totally receivable.
Now, when you say “team building retreats,” what does that mean to you?
Performance evaluations are my favorite day of the year.
Realizing we’re working on a timeline, how much time do we have to get to know each other?
Risk management just sounds like something so clandestine!
Should we debrief?
Sometimes you just have to ask yourself, “Am I a profit or a loss?” Now which one are you?
The best part of this acquisition is you.
The first time I saw you, there was only word that came to mind-benchmark.
The only thing dirtier than those dishes is how much I want to — oh, wait, no, those are really dirty.
There’s nothing like a little file maintenance to keep you on your toes.
Want to play a little document distribution strip poker?
What do you say we bounce like a bad email?
What do you say we opt-out of here and opt-in to my jacuzzi?
What do you say we wrap up this blog post back at my place?
Where else can you employ that analytical ability?
Who needs a financial analysis when I know exactly where to put my money.
You are a cut above rest. (Office Supply – Scissors)
You are just 'write' for me. (Office Supply – Pen)
You are the highlight of my day. (Office Supply – Highlighter)
You could spam me all night and I still wouldn’t unsubscribe.
You don’t need a high level of core competency to know that you’re a catch.
You look like a woman in business. (Why?) Because you really know how to position yourself for me.
You must be an inbound marketer … cause you sure attracted me!
You say accelerated growth, I just say hot.
You say there is little margin for errors but I disagree.
You won’t be needing an expense report tonight.
You're like a style guide. You add consistency to my life.
You’ve been running through my invoices all night.
Your customer interface is impressive.
Your eyes are as intriguing as a good biz dev strategy.
Your methodology is so smooth and deliberate.
After a little restructuring let's just I'd rate you a buy all day
Allow me to introduce myself: I am 'borrower,' and you must be 'lender.'
Baby, I love you so much I'm willing to forgo my exit option.
Baby, the way you support free markets stimulates growth in my private sector!
Baby, you're not an option... you're totally a future!
Before we do this I have to ask, what sort of tail risk am I looking at?
Bottom up or top down?
Call me your mutual fund, honey. Because with you, I'm showing interest.
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Come into my office and let's take a look at your statements.
Did I tell you I'm filthy rich and my mother's dead?
Did you just rob a bank cuz I can be your getaway.
Do you have a bank account? You must! Im saving all my love for you.
Do you like to role play? I'll be the banking industry and you can play the American people.
Future projections put you at overweight but I'm still saying buy tonight
Girl you are so hot you are like my LBO MODEL
Girl, are you a stock? Because you sure like bouncing a lot!
Good thing I just bought term life insurance… because I saw you and my heart stopped!
Hey girl, would you be receptive to my takeover bid?
Hey there, can I WACC you off?
I have a feeling you really understand the 'nature of the firm.'
I have a small penis, but a big bank account.
I have an emergency fund and I want to spend a little on you.
I hope I haven't given you the wrong impression. I'm actually taller and richer than I look.
I hope you're a bear, because I'm going to go down on you.
I just bought a bass boat with cash … and it's a good thing, because you're quite a catch!
I never co-sign anything. But I'd love to co-sign your marriage license.
I think you'll find the delta between myself and others to be significant
I want to restructure you
I would like to pay with cash upfront and take our relationship further and faster.
I'd like to get you and your friends together for a comparable analysis
I'll be your credit if you'll be my debit.
I'll be your debit if you'll be my credit.
I'll reveal my preferences if you will.
I'll show you my forecast...if you'll show me yours.
I'm what they call a deep value investor, with an eye for 'special situations'
I've already kicked Sallie Mae out. Want to take her place?
If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I'd be in a higher tax bracket.
Is that your pocket calculator or are you just pleased to see me?
Is your credit score bad? Because you look like a 10 to me!
Let's get this IPO off the ground. Initial Penetration of the Opening, that is.
Let's go make some statements together
Let's go to bed and try to disprove the law of diminishing marginal utility.
Let's just say I've been with models before and know all about their sensitivity tables..
Now those are some tangible assets!
Roses are Red. Violets are Blue. I am DEBT FREE! Now I can afford you!
The good news? I'm debt-free. The better news? I'm also date-free.
The ladies here would agree—I've taken the place of the paid-off mortgage as the status symbol of choice.
Wanna talk about our private goods?
When I saw you, my jaw dropped like the value of a new car!
Why am I nervous about talking to you? Because you're better than I deserve.
You look like a successful business woman, because you really know how to position yourself for me.
You must be fiscally irresponsible because I'm feeling inflationary pressure in my pants.
You seem nice, I just want to make sure you aren't one of those FIFO guys
You're a hot commodity.
You're an economist. I'm an economist. How about a little horizontal integration?
You're finer than the print on my credit card statement.
You're my very favorite kind of moral hazard.
You're so hot you could melt my debt snowball.
You've got the curves to supply my demand!
Are you a campfire? Because your quotes are hot and I want s’more.
Are you going to schedule a meeting with me, or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you insured for sex?
Be my Beneficiary!
Can I take your picture to prove to my coworkers that perfection does exist?
Did you list “boxer” as your occupation? Because you’re a knockout client.
Do you believe in love at first sight? Or do you want to see that quote again?
Do you have car insurance? Because I never take it slow and I'd totally wreck you.
Do you have pet insurance? because i'm about to smash your pussy.
Do you like cats? Because your medical history is puurrrrfect.
Does your father sell diamonds? Because your script check was flawless.
Don’t lie on your personal history interview. You wouldn’t want to mess with perfection.
Dr. Phil thinks you’re afraid of commitment. Sign here and let’s prove him wrong.
Excuse me, I think I dropped something. Oh, wait. Nope, that’s just your premium.
Good thing I just bought term life insurance, because I saw you and my heart stopped!
Guy: Does your ass have Allstate insurance? Girl: No, why? Guy: Well do you want it to be in good hands?
Hey baby, I can put you on my health insurance policy.
I hope you have insurance on that body, because you just put a dent in my pants.
I like Legos. You like Legos. Let’s build a relationship.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your insurance dreams come true.
I might have to ask you to leave my office. You’re making my other clients look bad.
I was blinded by your beauty so I’m going to need your name and number for insurance reasons.
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there. So I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
I will held liable for all bodily injury or property damage.
I would love to speak with you regarding your insurance just before you die; when will that be?
I’ll be the Dairy Queen and you’ll be the Burger King. I’ll treat you right and we can do it your way — the application, I mean.
I’m not trying to impress you or anything, but I sell disability insurance for a living.
I’m sure you get this all the time, but you look a lot like my next client.
If you fall for me, this DI will support you.
Is your last name Campbell? Because this medical history is “mmm…mmm good!”
Is your last name Gillette? Because you’re the best an agent can get.
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but you don’t need disability insurance, right?
Let's go to my office and go over some claims.
Let's make it official and finally get that certificate... of insurance.
Life without DI would be like a broken pencil: pointless.
Maybe we should talk about life insurance before it's too late.
Movie stars give thousands of signatures a day. All I’m asking for is just one from you.
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you to meet this week?
Rejection can lead to emotional stress, which in turn can cause severe medical problems. So before you turn me down, let’s a get a disability insurance policy in place.
Some doctors might say you’re afraid of commitment. Sign right here and let’s prove them all wrong.
You are all assets and no liabilities
You must be a magician, because when I submitted your app, the underwriting problems disappeared.
You probably are not under my premium coverage, but I am willing to take the risk.
Your disability insurance policy is like pizza: Even when it’s bad, it’s good.
Hey, I'm the cable guy, my only policy is that if I hook your cable up, you have to hook mine up!
Hey baby how long/hard is your cable?
Are you a carpenter? Because when you came in the room it became beautiful.
Hey let's play carpenter, first we get hammered, I get some wood, and then I nail you.
Wanna play carpenter? First we get hammered, then ill nail you!
You’re a carpenter’s wet dream–flat as a board and easy to nail.
Hey carpenter, I'm hammered. Want to nailed me?
I am a carpenter, I want to nail you.
Are you a carpenter? Because you're giving me wood!
Your eyes are like wrenches ..... they make my nuts tighten.
I always wear my hard hat, baby.
Fuck me if I am wrong, but you want to screw me, don't you?
Hey! Ya wanna try out my new 'Home Artificial Insemination Kit?'
I have a job for you.... but it blows
I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts
I've got a hummer and a vibrator. Which one do you want to test drive first?
You are the perfect switch. You turn me on.
Can I earth you? You seem to be at a high potential.
You are my AA battery, you charge me up
If you were a burger at McDonald's, you would be the new McShock.
Baby are you the secondary winding to my transformer, I feel magnetically coupled to you.
You and I are so perfect, want to make a complete circuit?
Baby your ass is rounder than a motor's rotor.
You are like a 250 W halogen, you brighten my world.
Guy: You are the light of my life. Girl: You turn me on.
Are you a electrician? Because when you came in I felt a gilt of energy.
Are you an electrician? Because you turn me on.
I don't usually like being shocked, but when I saw you I was knocked off my feet!
I'm an electrician, let me remove your shorts
I am an electrician, I want to give you a jolt of my high voltage juice,
I am a HVAC installer, I want to heat you up and cool you down.
Are you a plumber? Because that is a solid career choice with a decent wage and I crave stability.
Can I tinker with your pipes?
I don’t normally plunge into a relationship, but tonight I’ll make an exception.
I have a dirty job. I’m a plumber.
I hope you're a plumber because you got my pipe leaking
I wanna flush your pipes, baby.
I'll only use rigid pipe in your rim holes.
I’m a sucker for a man who knows how to use his equipment.
If there's anything I know how to do the right way... it's lay pipe. I'm happy to prove it!
Is that your boyfriend? Because that’d throw a real wrench in my plans
Is your father a plumber? Because when you come in the room, it seems so clogged.
Let’s become a potty of two tonight.
Plumber? I hardly even know her.
That is quite an elbow joint.
That tool belt really brings out the color in your eyes!
Toi-let me be your valentine would be the greatest honor.
Tonight was almost down the drain… until you walked in.
Want to see my tool?
You’re flooding my heart with emotions.
I am a plumber, I want to ream you with my plunger.
Bet we could fit two in those bunkers.
Can I hit your hydrant?
Care to hit my hydrant?
Care to see the hosebed?
Did u know that women firefighters are professional hose handlers.
Don’t prime the pump unless you want to squirt a little water.
Ever been in a firefighter before?
Firefighters are always in heat.
Firemen have the longest hoses
First rule for a patient is to remove all restricting clothing, can I go ahead and start now?
Get rid of your smoke detector and sleep with a firefighter.
Girl in bar: what do you do for a living? Firefighter reply; I make the six o'clock news.
Hey girl! It’s my job to go in when it’s extremely Hot and I never pull out until it’s dripping wet.
Hey girl! Wanna slide down my pole.
Hey Girl! You know firefighter have huge hoses.
Hey handsome, do you want to play firefighters? Together, we can practice “stop, drop and roll”.
I am a firefighter, I run into burning buildings to save a complete stranger, imagine what I would do for you.
I am on fire, you wanna stop drop and roll with me?
I could make you scream louder than the siren.
I don’t have a very long hose, but i got one hell of a pumper.
I save babies, puppies, and kittens. And I look forward to saving you from a boring life!
I wanna hear you scream like the siren.
I would climb you like a ladder.
I'm a firefighter.
I'm a woman firefighter but I forgot my hose. Can I use yours?
I’m a fireman; I’m an expert in what’s hot.
I’m going to ride you like a fire truck on a bad stretch of road on the way to a 6 alarm fire!
I’m on fire, put me out!
In my line of work I'm required to put fires out but if you want to start one call me.
It's long, hard and Pumps like a bastard, but that's just the Truck
Nice hose, does it pump?
Play with fire and you end up burnt BUT play with a firefighter and you end up wet.
The fire might be out but you are still smoking hot.
The hotter you get, the faster we come!
Trust me I'm a fire fighter
Wanna go for a ride along? Then later I can show you the truck.
Wanna slide down my pole?
Want to see my hose lay?
Want to see my tool?
You can call me 'The Fireman'....mainly because I turn the hoes on.
You can climb me like a ladder.
You handle that hose well, how about the other one?
You wanna stop drop and roll with me?
You’re hotter than a 4 alarm fire.
Your hosebed or mine?
Your so hot, a firefighter couldn’t put you out.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of my bed.
Bulletproof vest? Nah. It's all muscle.
COPS!! Spread em'.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged.
Did I tell you that I live next door to Dunkin Donuts?
Do you know how fast you were going when you fell from heaven?
Drop 'em!
Ever seen a baton this big?
How about you cock my gun?
I always turn on my siren when I spot a siren.
I have a great idea for those handcuffs.
I hear cops like a big bust.
I love a man in uniform
I'm a police officer!
I'm ready to enforce the law of attraction.
I'm writing you a ticket. 'Fine' is written all over you.
I’d love you to frisk me.
Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Let's go to my place for some under-cover work.
Ma'am we've had some complaints that you're being too sexy. I'm gonna have to arrest you.
My cuffs or your cuffs tonight?
Nice uniform, it would look great at the foot of my bed…
Not here to bust you. But we are here for your bust.
Step out of the vehicle. Walk a straight line into my life.
Stick with me and those lights won’t be the only thing flashing.
Stop! Don't you know it is illegal to look that fine?
That’s a mighty big “flash light” you have there officer….
Want to plant something on me?
Want to play good cop bad cop?
What are you doing with your night stick later?
What else do you do with that night stick?
You got fine written all over you.
You have the right to remain silent. I doubt you will.
You, me, handcuffs, and whipped cream: interested?
Are you my lawyer? Because you should be screwing me.
Are you pro-bono or just happy to see me.
Did it hurt…when you fell from heaven? Because I know a good personal injury lawyer.
Excuse me, are you into reverse bifurcation?
Girl, I can sustain an objection for almost four hours.
Girl, you're testi-fine.
Hey baby, are you a lawyer because talking to you just violated the terms of my parole.
Hey baby, I’ll show you my opening statement but it’s up to you to close.
Hey baby, let's go back to my place and practice some lateral equality.
Hey baby! do you have a lawyer cause you just stole my heart.
Hey boy, did you see the season finale of Suits? Well I know a nice file room where we can reenact it.
Hey boy, I don’t need your call number. I know I can find you in the Fine section.
Hey boy, I hear you're of good fame and character. Just disclothes, and I'll admit you.
Hey boy, if I were on a jury I'd find you guilty of being criminally gorgeous.
Hey Girl! I’m a lawyer call me when u want to get a divorce.
How about coming back to my place for a little actus reus?
I believe that it's in our best interest to comply with section 69 of the act.
I don't know if I have standing, but I'd love to court you.
I hope you don’t object to this leading question, boy, but you want me, don’t you?
I love you beyond a reasonable doubt.
I need someone to look through these briefs.
I think I'd be liable for negligence if I neglected to come over and talk to you.
I'd have to plead insanity if I ever left you.
I've got a precedent that's long and deep.
I’ll teach you about jurisdiction, if we change the venue to my place.
I’m going to sue the pants off you.
If loving you is a crime, then I’m looking at a life sentence.
Is that a gavel in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is your Daddy a lawyer? Because you look innocent and I feel guilty.
Is your estate subject to open?
Just be who you are, I'm not the one to judge.
Let me show you my mens rea.
Let's adjourn to the bedroom.
Let's just say boy, if you give me your instructions well, I can be a very vocal advocate.
Nice rebuttal.
Res ipsa loquitur', honey. Your hot body speaks for itself!
The prosecution can rest at my place tonight.
There is no burden of proof for how fine you are.
Unlike a court, I would definitely order specific performance of a contract for service. Especially if it were oral.
What better alibi could you have than spending the night with me?
When I bring an ejectment action, there'll be nothing quiet about your enjoyment.
When I think of you, I become fully vested.
Why don't you take a look at my briefs?
You want to approach the bench and badger my witness?
You're so fine you make my whole courtroom out of order.
Your body is 'ultra vires', it's beyond my power to control myself around you.
Are you a dentist? Because you leave a bad taste in my mouth.
Are you a dentist? Because you're so sweet I'm getting cavities!
Aye babe! Wanna get drilled?
Can you feel this?
Have you ever slept with a dentist? Want to?
He Sexy! I'm gonna drill you so hard that you'll bleed.
Hello there little lady, Looks like you've got a hole that needs filling.
Hey baby, I'm a dentist. Why don't you lie back and let me fill your cavities.
Hey baby, if you were a polishing disc, you'd be superfine.
Hey girl, if you were a tooth, you would be an upper left lateral incisor!
Hey girl! Semen contains zinc and calcium, both of which are proven to prevent tooth decay.
I am going to punch you in the mouth with my own mouth softly because I like you.
I need to fill your cavities.
I want to melt in your mouth.
I wish you were my teeth, so I could grind you in my sleep.
I'm drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now.
I'm like a dentist, I'll drill you and fill you.
I've got skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
Is your father a dentist? Because you have a Beautiful smile.
It takes 43 muscles to frown and only 17 to smile, but it doesn't take any to just sit there with a dumb look on your face.
It's time to probe your gaps.
Looks like you've got a sweet tooth.
Open wide.
Smile, it lets your teeth breathe.
Stick your tongue out farther for me.
Stop undressing me with your eyes! Use your teeth!
Suck on this for just a second.
The fact that I'm missing some teeth only means that there's more room for your tongue.
What has 148 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk? My Zipper.
Would you like me to teach you how to floss?
You have pretty teeth you must be a dentist.
You must be a dentist, because I can't smile without you.
You sure have white teeth, you must brush them! (Redneck)
You're drooling a bit.
You're so sweet. I'm getting a toothache just looking at you.
You've a nice smile. Can I be your dentist?
You've got a great smile.
Your a piece of eye candy and I've got a sweet tooth.
Your gums looks sensitive. Let me stab them with this prison shank.
Your teeth are like stars. Slightly yellow and very far apart.
Are you doing anything on Saturday? Wait, I just checked--you're not.
Are you on FBI’s most wanted? Cause you’re at the top of my list.
Are you the CIA? Because I don't think the president gave you permission to torture me with those good looks.
Are you tired? Because you've been running through my chat log reviews all day.
Baby your Verizon line ain't the only thing I'm trying to tap
Baby, my drones aren't the only thing that have heat a seeking missile..
Being broke sucks. Let me buy you a drink
Could you help me find my stationary?
Damn, girl. Is your ass the internet? cause ima monitor that all DAY.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or did I misunderstand your search history?
Do you have a library card? Because I’m checking you out. You and your library history.
Every breath you take
Every move you make
Every bond you break
Every step you take
NSA watching you
Excuse me. I'm from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I'm going to have to ask you to assume the position.
Girl, I can't wait to violate your privacy in real life.
Girl, I haven't had a crush this bad since your mom got her first iphone. Smile, I unlocked your webcam!
Girl, you must have fallen from heaven because there is no tracking data to indicate how you arrived at this location.
Girl, you owe me a drink because when I saw you I dropped mine.
Hey baby, I know what you did last summer
Hey baby, I'd do anything to get with you... like lowering your ex's credit score, wire tapping your boss and taking you off the no fly list
Hey baby, your buns are on fire, you've left your oven on
Hey baby... what are you wearing? Just kidding, I'm watching you.
Hey, can I have your number? Just kidding. Already got it
Hey, I've never met you, and this is crazy, but I stole your number, so answer baby!
Hi there beautiful. Can I buy you the drink your last one night stand got you?
Hi, I just wanted to introduce myself. I've been watching you for a looooong time
How do you kill 5 hours in Rio, if you don't samba?
I bet I can guess your weight, birth sign, mother's maiden name, SSN and your car's VIN
I couldn't help but hear your phone conversation with your sister yesterday & I think I can be that kind of man for you!
I feel like I've known you forever, or at least since the Bush administration
I feel like I've known you since you got that cellphone for your 15th birthday.
I flagged you at first sight
I heard you like teddy bears. You can give me a cuddle
I knew you'd be here.
I know exactly where you have been all my life.
I know this is a little straight forward, but I feel like I already know everything about you.
I must complete the mission, but first, sex.
I probably shouldn't tell you this, but you've got malware on your laptop and some creep from Idaho is jerking off to you through your webcam
I think he got the point.
I was going through your email and noticed you like cat too!
I was going through your inbox and thought maybe we could be together!
I will ALWAYS have my eyes on you, darling...! My love for you is unconstitutional.
I will be keeping an eye on your smile, and off your perfectly formed arse!
I'd never cheat on you like your boyfriend does with your BFF
I'd tap that.
I'm a great listener
I'm incredibly rich. Here's a new iPhone 5 with my number in it. Call me sometime.
I'm so honored to meet you. I'm kind of a big fan, I've read all of your e-mails
I've got a tap on you, now I just need that ass
If being sexy was a crime, you would be on FBI’s most wanted list.
Is that a Wi-Fi enabled device in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me?
Just relax while we unzip your files.
Let me buy you dinner, I know you don't have much in your bank account.
Lovely dress, darling, but the one you tried on before you left home looked even better.
May Day, where have you been? I've been waiting for you . . . to take care of me, personally.
Message from 672-739-5463 ( NSA-SEX-LINE ) You left your car keys on the kitchen counter and your panties are on backwards.
My love for you is unconstitutional
Roses are red, violets are blue, your pin number 6852.
Shocking. Positively shocking.
Single male, attentive listener. Like to intercept communications, bodily fluid from international women.
Take a giant step for mankind.
That's quite a nice little nothing you're almost wearing. I approve.
The CIA is trying to steal my penis... I need to find a place to hide it.
The FBI wants to steal my penis. Can I hide it inside you?
Then how about a nightcap on the company? My company.
We had you at hello.
We understand you so much better than the guy you're with now.
Well, I'm afraid you've caught me with more than my hands up
What's a nice girl like you doing at the corner of 5th and Guadalupe avenue at 8:37pm?
Whatever I am...Whatever is left of me, I'm yours.
When one is in Egypt, one should dive deeply into its treasures.
Whoa... you look way sexier than indicated in your metadata
Why didn't I text you back? Because I already knew what you were going to say.
Would you...be interested in a night cap
You come here often.
You didn't think I'd miss this performance, did you?
You don't think I enjoyed what we did this evening, do you? What I did tonight was for Queen and country!
You look way prettier in person than through your webcam.
You must be the Constitution, because I want to violate you.
You're free Friday. Would you like to have dinner?
Your credit score is so fine, I wish I could co-sign a car loan with you all night long.
Your parents must have been clams, but I've already cracked you.
Can I sweep you off your practical, orthopedic waitress shoes?
Hey, I’ve never eaten here before. What do you all recommend?
How do I get my girlfriend to lose some weight? I was thinking I should get her on Subway sandwiches like Jared. No really, is this place low-fat?
I have a big tip for you but you will have to receive it in private.
I just kept ordering coffee so you’d talk to me. Now I just have to pee.
I love it when a girl knows her fried foods.
I ordered a beer because I wanted you to card me. It didn’t work. My name’s _______.
I ordered a beer because I wanted you to see I’m an organ donor. Here, take my heart. (And my number.)
I ordered a beer because talking to you made me nervous as hell. Please, terrify me again at your earliest convenience.
I ordered the skate so you’d think I was sophisticated and healthy. Now I’m still hungry. Pizza burgers when your shift ends?
I'm thinking of getting into waitressing...can you give me any tips on how to break into the industry?
Is there a non-creepy way to hit on your waiter? If so, please text it to me.
Is work the only place that you are good at serving?
My burger was great, but YOU are rare and well-done at the same time.
My idiot friend thinks you’re cute. I told him he was wrong—you’re gorgeous. Call me when your shift ends?
Since you are on your feet all day, I figured you'd like to go lay down with me when you are done?
So do you spit, or is that only your cooks?
So when’s your next night off?
That accent - ________? It is very pretty. Where are you from?
I would really like to learn ___________. Can you be my tutor? What is your number?
This restaurant? Luckiest busboys in the world.
What time do you get off? Well what time do you get out of work?
You brought me lunch, can I bring you dinner?
You get 25 percent of the bill and 100 percent of my heart. Call me?
You so should be working at Hooters!!!
You’d be the perfect woman, even if your hair didn’t smell like French fries.
Are you a general because you make my private stand at attention?
Are you in the Air Force? Cause your hotter than the engine of an F-22A Raptor.
Babe, are you an officer? Cause you just made my privates stand at attention.
Babe, you're like the assault cutting score cause you're making me go up, up and away
Baby, you put the 'fox' in 'foxhole'.
BAMCIS!
Banana show anyone?
BOHICA
Can I attack your chow hall?
Can I foxtrot india November golf echo Romeo you?
Can I whisky tango all over your foxtrot?
Can l prick your 119?
Care to accompany me on a quiet, romantic, moonlit beach for a 5-mile hike and a hundred push-ups?
Check your six I'm coming in!
Contact rear.
Do you mind if I be YOUR Jody for tonight?
Drop and give me 20 - on my lap.
Drop and give me 69!
Girl you want to see my glowstick and PT with me!
Grab it by the 6-inch barrel.
Have you been laid recently? Because I have a charge 8 stick with your name on it.
Hey babe are you a weapon? Cause I'm about to make you condition one.
Hey babe, wanna swab my deck?
Hey baby, can I shoot some rounds center mast?
Hey baby, I can't put you in the Corps but I can put the Corps in you.
Hey baby, I'd swab your poopdeck any day.
Hey baby, lemme put my oorah in your who-ha.
Hey baby, wanna cock my shotgun?
Hey baby, you delta tango foxtrot?
Hey girl, since I'm a red head, I'm gonna put you on fire watch.
Hey girl, you didn't need to say zero to make me freeze.
Hey girl. Nice club foot. You want some Tricare?
Hey LT, wanna evac this bar and go see my hangar?
Hey sweetheart, let me tell you about the pink sock.
Hey there, wanna be my AR 15 tonight: tap, rack, bang?
Hey you let's go practice our morale!
Hey you my roommate is going out tonight.
Hey you wanna be a Marine? No? Wanna make little ones?
Hey you wanna go and PT?
Hi, is your name Wagner?
How about you lock your bolt to the rear and I'll insert a round in the chamber?
I always wrap it before I rack tap bang so what do you say we pop off these saved rounds?
I bet u wouldn't mind zeroing my rifle would you??
I bet you give great Kevlar!
I came for the boots but I stayed for the dependents.
I can stand at attention for hours, wanna play formation?
I forgot my CIF gear. Looks like this little marine is going in slick.
I got my bore punched.
I have applied a light coat of CLP to my barrel.
I have completed inspection of your SL-3 and the only thing missing is ME.
I heard you're PFT.
I love box chow.
I want to double time march in or around her mouth.
I want to stick my ram rod into your choke tube.
I'd like to FFE on your face.
I'd like to locate close with and destroy your hooyah with my madeuce!
I'd like unload show clear with you.
I'll just let my top gear boys show you how its done.
I'll land this osprey in your LZ any time.
I'm about to flank you from the rear.
I'm about to hasty ambush that bunker.
I'm going on deployment soon and I'm not getting BAH....Yet.
I'm gonna break you down shotgun style.
I'm max EL and ready to recoil.
I'm sorry did I spill my camel pack on you?
I'm the best humper in the company. That's why he puts me in the rear.
If you want me to adjust your mortar, I'll sure give you a fist and a thumb.
Is that a radio in between your legs? Because comm is about to go down!
Is that your 60? Or are you just happy to see me?
Is your back blast area all clear? Cause this rocket is wants you to blow.
Is your back blast area all clear?
It ain't about the size of your antenna, it's how far you can shoot your comm
It's your lucky day I don't come with a BFA.
Lemme BAMSIS that SMEAC
Let me field day that scuttlebutt
Let me get those ten digits and ill fire for effect
Looks like your range doesn't have left or right lateral limits.....TARGET!
My hangout spot is driftwood.
Oorah YUT YUT semper Fi devil dog?
Prepare to mount!
Remember 'An Officer and a Gentleman'? I'm neither, baby.
Requesting permission to enter friendly lines
Scuttle that butt on over here.
Soldier, I'm admiring your strategic frontal mammary tissue mounds, two each.
Stand on the yellow footprints and prepare for receiving
Tap rack bang
Target acquired, we are weapons hot, cleared to engage.
The head of t the COC is ready for you mam.
The penalty for being out of uniform is a spanking.
Time for some PT!
Two in the head, one all over her chest...
Uncle Sam ain't the only one who wants you.
Unload, show clear.
Wanna clean the head?
Wanna go on a board?
Wanna help me dishonorably discharge?
Wanna help prepare my condition one weapon?
Wanna know why I'm called a 'drill' sergeant?
Wanna ride my torpedo?
Wanna see my CAC?
We are gonna comm until it hertz baby!!
What's a pathetic weak piece of @#$%*! like you doing in a !&%#@$ dump like this??
Whisky Tango Foxtrot?
Women? You mean lotion and a sock?
Wow, my CAC NEVER fit this way!
You can sit on my post any day
You must work at postal cause I'm sure you were just checking out my package.
You on patrol? I wouldn't mind you patrolling with the mighty fine me.
You put the R.E in MRE
You. Me. BAH. You in?
You'll only have to give me one pushup soldier, if it's your bra.
Your perfume reminds me of napalm in the morning.
(Hold out a stethoscope) Why don't you listen to your heart and go out with me?
(Look for any small skin imperfection) Has anyone ever looked at that? Why don't we go back to my place so I can give you a full exam?
Are you a doctor? Because you just cured my erectile dysfunction.
Are you a nurse? Because you cured my erectile disfunction.
Are you a pulmonary embolism? 'Cause I can't breathe when I'm around you.
Are you Broca's Aphasia? Because you leave me speechless.
Are you lost Ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Are you my appendix? Because I don't understand how you work, but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Baby you're so sweet you're gonna put me in DKA!
Baby, you make me vasodilate!
Blood is red, cyanosis is blue, I get tachycardia when I think of you.
Can I take your temperature? Because you're looking hot today.
Come into my office and take off your pants.
Did you damage my cerebellum? Because I'm falling all over the place for you.
Do you believe in love at first site, or do I have to walk by again?
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have an inhaler? You took my breath away.
Does this rag smell like chloroform?
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
EMTs come when people go down
Ever slept with an EMT? Want to?
Excuse me, I think you dropped something: My jaw.
Fire Fighters play with their hoses, I bring the bed
Hey baby, wanna play with my corpus cavernosum?
Hey girl, you're like a car accident, because I can't look away.
Hey, are you a conditioned stimulus? Because you're making me drool.
How about we ditch this joint and go study some anatomy?
I am an organ donor, need anything?
I can find every pulse in your body!
I can make your heart skip a beat. No really, I'm certified to do it!
I don't want to go all Freudian on you, but cute doctors pull strong feelings from me because they're a safe target for feelings I originally had for my parents.
I have all sorts of protection
I have my own multi-positional bed
I hope you passed CPR because you're taking my breath away
I might need life alert, because I've fallen in love with you and can't get up.
I need a life. Please lower your standards and go out with me.
I need to practice my trauma assessments. Will you be my patient?
I think you are suffering from a lack of Vitamin Me.
I wish I was your coronary artery, so that I could be wrapped around your heart.
I'd like to find another doctor. Why? Because I've got a crush on you. Would you like to grab lunch sometime?
I'd love to do a 12 lead on you
I'll shock the socks off you
I'm a medic, I know your body better then you do!
I'm an expert in mouth-to-mouth
I'm familiar with Latex and restraints
I'm feeling a little off today. Will you turn me on?
I'm good with multiple partners
I'm like a doctor, actually an orthodontist, I'm gonna have to ask you to, ya know, uh take off your clothes
I'm no organ donor, but I'd happy to give you my heart.
I'm the best in rapid clothing removal
I'm used to staying up all night
If I go into cardiac arrest will you give me mouth to mouth?
If you need a love doctor, I have like a medicated degree.
Is that a Laryngoscope handle in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Is there something in your eye? Oh wait, its just a sparkle.
Is your name Flecainide? Because I think you just made my heart skip a beat.
Is your name Osteoporosis? Because you're giving me a serious bone condition.
Keep talking... I'm diagnosing you.
Medics know how to pick you up 5 different ways
My adductor isn't the only thing that's longus.
My love for you burns stronger than my urinary tract infection.
My love for you is like diarrhea. I can't hold it in.
My sudden protracted cardiac arrhythmia makes me think I'm falling for you.
No one else can cut off your clothes, restrain you, and sedate you like a medic can… Wanna play?
No that's not an epi-pen in my pants, I'm just happy to see you.
On a scale of one to America, how free are you tonight?
Playing doctor is for kids...let's play gynecologist!'
Sit back and relax…I fix broken hearts.
Stand back, I'm a doctor. You go get an ambulance, I'll loosen her clothes.
That pulsation in my femoral sheath isn't coming from an artery.
They don't call me Bones because I'm a doctor.
Those clothes look uncomfortable… need me to cut them off for you?
Trust me, this is how they did Mammograms back in the old days.
Wanna feel safe tonight? Sleep with an EMT.
Wanna join the code 3 club?
Wanna play 'Doctor', Doctor?
Wanna see if we can drown out the siren?
We always come when we are called
We are prepared for any rhythm
We should get some coffee… Because I'm liking you a latte.
When we first met I couldn't get you out of my mind, now I can't get you out of my heart.
When you walked in the door your beauty hit me so hard that I have a priapism from all the trauma.
Whenever I'm near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away.
Where there is a pulse there is a chance.
You breathe oxygen? We have so much in common.
You give me premature ventricular contractions.
You have acute angina.
You know, I've been highly trained to stick things into people…
You look familiar. Did we have class together? I could have sworn we had chemistry.
You make my dopamine levels all silly.
You must be the one for me… Since my selectively permeable membrane let you through.
You've got 206 bones in your body, want one more?
You've got beautiful veins
Your bus or mine?
Your calves must be aching. Because you've been back-marching through my mind all day.Care to join the wife and me for a little 'bipartisanship'?
Fur is murder!
Girl, you must be an Obama entitlement program. Because you are definitely raising my interest rate.
Hey baby, how'd you like to see a REALLY Merry Xmas?
Hey baby, wanna check out my big environmentally friendly wiener?
Hey baby, wanna get liberal with each other?
Hey girl, you're the only state in my union.
Hey, baby, let's get together and bash bush
Hey, let's go in the back and discuss politics!
Hi, I'm John Edwards
I got the stiffness of Al Gore and the stiffness of Bill Clinton...
I'd really like to show you my new social program and redistribute some of my holdings.
I'll enhance your peace, if you'll disarm my soldier.
I'll make you scream like Howard Dean
I'm gay but I want to be convinced otherwise.
I'm gonna Barack your world
I'm stiffer than John Kerry
Let's go someplace and release our delegates
May I check out your Bush?
Now that's what I call a stimulus package
Something's rising and it's not the national debt
The GOP didn't like my stimulus package, but you will.
Wanna form a more perfect union?
Wanna go hug some trees?
Wanna practice some REAL gun control?
Wanna pretend we're Republicans and have gay bathroom sex?
Wanna see my yule log?
You are sexier than Chelsea Clinton.
Allow me to buy you a drink. After all, thanks to our beloved [insert a Republican political figure], the economy has never been better!
Another drink, Barbara and Jenna?
Are you from a polling organization? Because I’d love to show you my hard numbers. (Scott Walker)
Are you from a swing state? Because I’d love for you to swing my way. (Jeb Bush)
Are you from Florida? Because you’re so hot you make my poll numbers rise. (Marco Rubio)
Are you in the military? Because you even bring me to a full salute. (Rand Paul)
Are you religious? Because I am the answer to all your prayers. (Mike Huckabee)
Because of [insert a Republican political figure] leadership, we are strong; because of his vision, we will be even stronger; and because I can't stop thinking about your ass, I haven't been able to stand up for the last half hour.
Check out my new Banana Republic shirt.
Did you come from a Red State, because I'd love for you to be a taker.
Did you just fall from heaven? Because you look like an angel donor. (Dr. Ben Carson)
Didn't we meet at a Klan rally?
Don't worry, babe, I'm not like the others!
Don't worry, babe, those Executive Orders will never get used!
Don't worry, babe, we'll extend the Bush tax cuts in time!
Don't worry, babe, we'll make the Preezy enforce DOMA, you wait and see!
Don't worry, babe, we'll overturn ObamaTAX!
Don't worry, babe, we're serious about Fast & Furious!
Drunk women are disgusting. By the way, I am going to win the drunk woman vote. (Donald Trump)
Global warming obviously doesn't exist - YOU'RE the one heating up the place!
GOP milk?
Hey baby, can I see an ID. Not because I don't think you're old enough, but because I don't think you're white enough to be from around these parts.
Hey baby, I'm 'bi-partisan' and I can swing both ways .... what are you?
Hey, let's go strangle some kittens!
How about I drop my pants and show you some shock n' awe.
How about I leave no child behind... in your womb!
I believe in the trickle down theory. So how about I trickle down the inside of your thigh?
I have a good job.
I HOPE you CHANGE your mind and give me a 15th chance! You won’t be disappointed. Have I ever lied to you?
I love Dick n' Bush.
I may not be Bruce Springsteen, but I can still Rock your Vote! (Chris Christie)
I wanna drill you like an Alaskan oilfield.
I want to be near your vagina so much, I'll write laws about it.
I won't tax that ass, because that's theft under threat of a gun, girl.
I'd love to hang out with you, but I can't make it a late night -- I'm shipping out to [place] in the morning.
I'm a uniter, not a divider. So how about you unite your mouth with my shlong.
I'm all for No Child Left Behind. I'm even more for your child-like behind.
I'm white, you're white - it can't just be coincidence!
I’m a Republican. I love a good Bush. (Rick Perry)
If I had to choose between having a Republican President in the White House, or never being able to see your cleavage again, I'd be stumped.
Is that a RINO in your pocket, or are you happy to see me?
Just as the Republican Party boldly confronts big challenges, nothing would please me more than you confronting the big challenge rapidly growing right now in my pants.
Looking at you has been the only thing that's ever made me question abstinence education.
Make like the surplus and go down on me.
Preemptive strike! (Slap her ass)
Sorry if I seem aggravated -- I'm still upset about that world-class jerk, Michael Moore.
The Koch brothers bet me a million dollars! couldn’t strike up a conversation with the most beautiful girl here. Wanna buy some votes with their money? (Ted Cruz)
The logo for our party is an elephant. Want to see what the elephant and I have in common?
The Republican presidential debate is going to be like a singles bar full of unattractive men trying to get you drunk enough to vote for them
The tattoo on my manhood spells 'RAN.' But when I get excited, it spells 'REPUBLICAN.'
To see you naked, I would turn in my own mother to the Department of Homeland Security.
Wanna control the media... together?
Wanna find out why they call me a Repub-lickin'?
Wanna see my collection of Ann Coulter books?
When I ejaculate, you'll see a thousand points of light.
Why do I want to fuck you? You're poor and I'm a Republican. Duh-doy!
You got more curves than a NASCAR race track!
You know, in this light you look like you could be Laura Bush's younger, more desirable sister.
You like country music TOO??
You must be a WASP because I want you to Bee mine.
You put the 'leg' in 'delegate'.
You're just like Ann Coulter, but without the penis!A little less conversation, a little more action please.
A little less fight and a little more spark, close your mouth and open your heart.
And when you smile the world is brighter, you touch my hand and I'm a king. Your kiss to me is worth a fortune, your love for me is everything.
Are you a sweet honeybee? Because you have stung me in the heart.
Are you a volcano? Because you are so hot.
Are you lonesome tonight? I can't help falling in love with you.
Baby I'm gonna teach you what love's all about tonight
Baby You're the boss
Baby, let's play house.
Because of love I'm a hundred feet tall I can bounce this world like a little odd ball Well, heaven and earth are now all mine I've jumped to the moon from cloud no.9
Close your mouth and open up your heart and baby satisfy me.
Don't fly away my beautiful bird
Ever since the world began A hard headed woman been a thorn in the side of man
Fuck me if I'm wrong, but aren't you Elvis Presley?
Girl give me a chance and I will show you a world of our own where spell of love began and our hearts become one
Girl I just gotta get you. Call it animal instinct.
Girl you are like the sweet song of a choir.
Guy: Ouch. Girl: What's the matter? Guy: I got stung by your love.
Her kisses are like volcano so hot I'm proud to say she's my buttercup
Hey girl my heart is anywhere you are.
Hey you long legged girl with the short dress on. I finally found you!!
Hide in the kitchen, hide in the hall Ain't gonna do you no good at all 'Cause once I catch ya and the kissin' starts A team o' wild horses couldn't tear us apart
Hide in the kitchen, hide in the hall. I will catch you.
I ain't greedy baby, all I want is all you got Oh no no, baby, I ain't askin' much of you Just a big-a, big-a, big-a hunk of love will do.
I don't want to be alone. Help me make it through the night.
I don't want to be your tiger 'cause tigers play too rough I don't want to be your lion 'cause lions ain't the kind  you love enough I just wanna be your teddy bear
I got stung by a sweet honeybee Oh what a feeling came over me It started in my eyes, crept to my head Flew to my heart til' I was stung dead!
I look at you and wham! I'm head over heels I guess that love is a banana peel
I want to take you to the heartbreak hotel get all shook up and love you tender you will be howling like a hound dog when I've finished with you.
I'm Gonna run my fingers through your long black hair and squeeze you tighter than a grizzly bear
I'm gonna stick like glue on you.
I'm no sandman, but I can take you to cotton candy land.
I'm not trying to be sexy. It's just my way of expressing myself when I move around.
I've got something to tell you That I think you ought to know That my eyes are on you baby 
If I live to a hundred and two I won't let nobody sting me but you I'll be buzzin' around your head everyday at five And I'm never gonna leave once I arrive 'Cause I'm done, uh uh I got stung!
In your hands my heart is clay, To take and hold as you may.
It's a wonderful life
Like a river flows so surely to the sea darling so it goes some things are meant to be.
Live each day, as if it we're your last. It's written in the stars, your destiny is cast.
Looking for some hunka hunka burning love?
Love me tender, love me sweet, never let me go. You have made my life complete, and I love you so.
Number 47 said to number 3, you're the cutest jailbird I ever did see, I sure would be delighted with your company, come on and do the jailhouse rock with me. LETS ROCK!
Only you (singing tone)
Rhythm is something you either have or don't have, but when you have it, you have it all over.
Someone said that the world is a stage and we must each play a part. Fate had me playing in love with you as my sweetheart.
Take my hand, take my whole life too. For I can't help falling in love wiht you.
Take off those blue suede shoes and let's shake rattle n roll!
Tell me dear, are you lonesome tonight?
The first time ever I saw your face I thought the sun rose in your eyes And the moon and stars were the gifts you gave To the dark and the empty skies
Try to take a tiger from his daddy's side That's how love gonna keep us tied
Viva el vino, viva el dinero, viva, viva el amor
Wanna see the new Velvet Elvis painting I just hung in my trailer?
Well, a hard headed woman,a softhearted man Been the 'cause of trouble ever since the world began
Well, when Monday comes, she's Tuesday When Tuesday comes, she's Wednesday Into another day again her personality unwinds just like a ball of twine.
When a boy like me, meets a girl like you Then I must believe wishes come true I just look at you and I touch your hand And this ordinary world becomes a wonderland
When I first saw you with your smile so tender, my heart was captured, my soul surrendered.
When I see you I get a Dirty, Dirty Feeling so Don't Be Cruel and be my Earth Angel
Where do you come from? Tell me who you are Do you come from another world Or from some distant star?
Won't you wear my ring up around your neck To tell the world I'm yours by heck!
You are more precious than my blue suede shoes.
You are so hot that you light my morning sky with burning love
You look like an angel, walk like an angel Talk like an angel, but I got wise You're the devil in disguise!
You make me ALL SHOOK UP and make me have a DIRTY, DIRTY FEELING which involve my ANIMAL INSTINCTS wanting us to be DOUBLE TROUBLE.
You've got to follow that dream, wherever that dream may lead.
Baby, you can drive my car if we let it be.
Can I hold your hand?
Close your eyes and I will kiss you. Tomorrow I will miss you. Remeber I will always be true. And then while I'm away I will write home everyday. And I will send all my loving to you.
Come on! Come on! Come on!
Come together, right now, over me.
Do you wanna know a secret? I'm in love with you.
Even The Beatles think that we should 'Come Together.' 'Right now.'
Got to get you into my pants.
Hey baby, how'd you like to drive my car?
Hey baby, let me take you on a trip around the world.
Hey girl, What You're Doing to my Long, Long, Long Norwegian Wood is making me wanna Twist & Shout.
Hold me tight dear Prudence and I promise to send all my loving to you.
Hop on board my yellow submarine and I'll make you twist and shout.
How about you and I take a ride in my yellow submarine?
How could I dance with another. When I saw you standing there.
I am Norwegian and I got wood.
I can't let it be until I get your number.
I got a warm gun. Would you like to pull the trigger?
I Got to Get You Into My Life
I Wanna Be Your Man
I wanna grow old together. I will stay with you until I'm sixty-four!
I wanna hold your hand.
I want to hold more than your hand, if you know what I mean.
I want to hold your hand down on Penny Lane.
I'd Lennon YOUR John. Oh, darling. heart emoticon
I'd like to be in your octopus garden.
I'll come through your bathroom window.
I'll make love to you if you want me to.
I'll teach you the true meaning of my magical mystery tour
I've just seen a face and I hope you see that I would love to love you.
If you come with me, I'll show you a hard day's night.
Is your name Mark David Chapman? (No) Good because I don't want to get shot down tonight.
It's been a hard day's night without your lovin', darling.
Just remember girl! All you need is love, so lemme love you!
Keep this up and you'll get a ticket to ride.
Let me into your heart. Don't make the same mistake Jude did!
Let me take you down, because I'm going to strawberry fields nothing is real.
Listen to the color of your dreams.
Money can't buy me love but it can buy you a drink
Play your cards right and I'll show you why I am the Walrus.
Please don't be long… Because I'm long enough for the both of us.
Please Mr.Postman deliver to my heart.
Please Please Me
Roses are red, Violet are blue. What would you do. If I fell in love with you?
Since I love you, it is only fair that I will give you my love.
so let it out and let it in
The sun is up. The sky is blue. It's beautiful and so are you.
The sun isn't going to be the only thing coming!
There is something in the way you move that attracts me to you, girl!
Wanna feel my finger on your trigger?
Wanna find out why they call me the eggman?
Wanna see my norwegian wood?
What do you say. How about some fish and finger pie?
What do you see when you turn out the light? I can't tell you but I know it's mine.
When the Good Morning Good Morning comes, You Won't See Me.
Why don't we do it in the road
Why don't we do it in the road?No one will be watching us
You are so fine. You can locked me up in your chains of love any day.
You are such a big teaser. You got half the way there now.
You can penetrate any place you go
You don't have to hide your love away from me.
You know you look so good. You know you got me going...
You know you twist your little girl. You know you twist so fine. Come on and twist a little closer, now. And let me know that you're mine
You say no You say stop and I say go, go, go
You should leave the room. The way you looked was way beyond compare.
Your lips are sweet. I'd like to kiss them.According to the Second Law of Thermodynamics, you are supposed to share your hotness with me.
Are you a carbon sample? Because I want to date you.
Are you a non volatile particle? Because you raise my boiling point. 
Are you full of Beryllium, Gold, and Titanium, because you are Be-Au-Ti-Ful 
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because your cute 
Are you made of copper? Cause I Cu in a relationship with me. 
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon? 'Cause you are F-I-Ne.
Are you on the periodic table? 'Cause you are SODIUM fine 
Babe you must be a neuron, because you got some action potential 
Baby if you let your acid react with my base, you can count on getting 100 MOLES of my water and salt 
Baby stop with diet coke, you've got plenty of ASSpertame 
Baby you give my electrons a positive charge 
Baby, I know my chemistry, and you've got one significant figure.
Baby, if you let me pump my H+ ions into your intermembrane space, it would induce a massive conformational change in my f1 complex. 
Baby, together U and I make uranium iodide (UI3) 
Baby, we've got chemistry together... next period. 
Billions of neutrinos penetrate you every second...Mind if I join in? 
Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state? 
Chem students do it on the table periodically 
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine! 
Do you have 11 protons? Cause your sodium fine. 
Do you like Science?, cause tonight your gonna sample my DNA 
f i was an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so i could unzip your genes 
Forget hydrogen you're my number one element 
Forget hydrogen, you're my number one element.
Girl are you a charged atom, because I've got my ion you. 
Girl gave me Arsenic Sulfide so I tore that AsS up 
Girl you must be made of Florine, Iodine, and Neon, because you are FINe 
hey can I put my Bunsen In your air-hole? 
Hey girl, did we just share electrons? Because I'm feeling a covalent bond between us.
Hey, up for some high-energy quantum tunneling tonight? 
Hi does your body consist of Oxygen and Neon?, because you are the ONe. 
How about we slip between my beta-pleated sheets and you get to know my alpha-helix?
I just bought a molecular model kit, want to play with my stick and balls? 
I might be a physics major, but I'm no Bohr in bed. 
I must be a diamond now, because you just gave me a hardness of 10 
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you. 
I wish I were adenine because then I could get paired with U. 
I wish your name was Avogadro, because then I would already know your number.
I'd be the photon to your electron and take you to an excited state. 
If I could rearrange the periodic table, I'd put Uranium and Iodine together. 
If I had a choice between DNA and RNA, I'd choose RNA because it has U in it.
If you were an element, you'd be Francium, because you're the most attractive 
If you were C6, and i were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be sweeter than sugar.. 
I'm attracted to you so strongly, scientists will have to develop a fifth fundamental force. 
Is it getting hot in here? or is it just our bond that is forming? 
it's a good thing you've got evaporative cooling, cause i'm gonna make you sweat 
Let's find out our combined volume, by displacing the water in my water bed 
Let's get together sometime. You bring your beaker and I'll bring my stirring rod.
My bond length might be short, but it can still give you some 'electron density' 
My name's Bond. Covalent Bond.
Scientists have recently discovered a rare new element called Beautium. It looks like you are made of it.
U + I = 145, Uranium is 92 and I is 53, because we got chemistry
Wanna alkylate my alkoxide? It's nucleophilic and ready to backside attack the halogen out of you. 
We have great chemistry, lets do some biology 
When I'm near you I undergo anaerobic respiration because baby, you take my breath away.
Where is the closets research? Because I sense a lot of chemistry between us.
You and I would undergo a more energetic reaction than Potassium and water.
You are a photon quanta to my valence electron because you excite me to a higher energy level.
You are like a proton in my core--without you i could never be the same. 
You are the HCl to my NaOH, lets make sweet love and make an ocean together 
You are the HCl to my NaOH. With our sweet love we could make an ocean together.
You be Fluorine and I'll be Francium and maybe later I can give you an electron 
You be the battery, I'll be the aluminum foil and together we'll light up the world. 
You look familiar. Did we have class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
You make me hotter than sulfur hydroxide mixed with ethyl acetate.
You must be a cell, cause my DNA is all in you. 
You must be a compound of beryllium and barium...because your a total BaBe. 
You must be a magnetic monopole because all i get from you is attraction 
You must be a positive ion, and I am a negative ion. Because we feel an attraction between us.
You must be auxin, because your causing me to have rapid stem elongation. 
You must be calcium bicarbonate, because if you let me get you wet, then the reaction will be explosive. 
You must be chlorine because you are polarizing my bond! 
You must be made of uranium and iodine because all I can see is U and I together.
You must be the acid to my litmus paper because every time I meet you I turn bright red.
Your PH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
You're a moving electric charge, and I'm a moving magnetic charge... Wanna flux? 
You're hotter than a Bunsen burner set to full power! 
You're like an exothermic reaction, you spread your hotness everywhere! 
You're so hot that you would make a nuclear reactor melt down. 
You're so hot, you must be the cause for global warming. 
B-spline my valentine?
Baby, your design elements are an asset to this community.
Better take off that green belt, because I want to sprawl all over you.
Can I plot into your city?
Can we try three? In the HOV I mean.
Can you help me subdivide my property?
Do you live 500 feet away from an elementary school? Because I like to establish some adult uses at your place.
Forget the seven lamps, let's burn the midnight oil?
Has anybody ever told you; you have the face of a Daniel Burnham and the body of a Fredrick Law Olmstead?
Hejduk girl, I can't mask my love for you.
Hey girl, come to my town, we need a city beautiful movement.
Hey girl, Gropius this.
Hey girl, I'm a heat island for you.
Hey girl, that reminds me, how do we get from Bauhaus to your house.
Hey girl, we might be wrong, but it feels so Frank Lloyd Wright.
Hey girl, you shot an Eero through my heart.
Hey, if you don’t go out with me, I’ll see to it that your house is below BFE in a Flood Zone and have your home bulldozed.
I believe your house is in a 2 person per dwelling minimum. I can help you comply.
I don't care if we are post-human as long as I don't have to be post-you.
I gotta apply for a variance, because I want to get into your zone.
I know Peter Eisenman says that Architecture is autonomous, but I can't imagine it without you.
I love you like Jane Jacobs loved front stoops.
I'm an urban planner. I design cities.
I'm just perret-ing that one of these stairs leads to you.
I'm lavin you in those jeans.
Is there raum in your plans for me? Because I want get loos with you.
Jane Jacobs might have her eyes on the street, but I keep mine only on you.
Just call me transit and ride me until you get off.
Let me I Deleuze myself in your eyes.
Let me show you how less can be more.
Let's build consensus for the master plan of our love.
Let's get your form to follow my function.
Let's make like Frank Gehry and crumple some sheets.
Let's make this road a Lover's Lane.
Let's take this relationship from concept to construction.
Let’s go back to your place and make the Floor Area Ratio 1 to 1
May I have permission to erect a structure on your private property?
My heart is a Shoupista... there's always a spot for you.
My heart is zoned exclusively for you.
There is no off-ramp for my feelings for you.
There is nothing more critical than my need to be with you.
This bike lane is built for two.
What is your sign?
What you say we go back to my place so I can mitigate your wetlands?
What's love got to ledoux with it?
Will you be my prime consultant?
Would you like to be my next case study?
You are both beautiful and sublime.
You are my utopia.
You are special exception.
You are the starchitect of my life.
You can be the defined void, and I will be the isolated solid.
You can come to my house and read 'The Green Bible' anytime.
You induce demand within my pants.
You must be a pedestrian... you have right of way to my heart.
Archimedes cried out 'eureka' and ran around naked and filled with joy when he discovered that the volume of a solid can be determined by how much it displaces. Spend more time with me and you will do the same.
Babe I heard you like roses, so here's a polar coordinate graph of r=1+cos(theta).
Baby what do you say me go make some perpetual motion?
Baby, If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA HELICASE so I could unzip your genes.
Baby, is this building's air conditioning unit malfunctioning, or is it just you?
Baby! You're sweeter than fructose.
Boy you are a Hotrod in Crankshafts
By looking at you I can tell you're 36-25-36, which by the way are all perfect squares.
Can I do your Systems Analysis?
Can I see your blueprints? I wanna lay some pipe in you and need to know that you're structurally sound enough to do so.
Damn girl you must be a strong magnetic field because you just induced a flow somewhere in me.
Do you like to be the numerator or the denominator?
Engineers and girls are like asymptotes and axes, they get close, but never touch.
Finally after 20 years of studies I found X in you – The X factor of my life.
Gee I wish your Flow Chart is not short
Girl when I see that body of yours it creates a stress on my heart and a strain on my 'beam'.
Girl you are like a high amperage current and Ima high resistance wire, because you got me hot.
Girl you have cuter dimples than a cardioid!
Has anyone ever called you FAT? They were so dead-wrong! You are NTFS, obviously.
Hey baby, are you a router? Because I saw you checking out my packet
Hey Baby, wanna come back to my lab and work with my microprocessor?
Hi can I check out your Data Base?
Hi, you are my Turn Key Project
Hi. My name is Windows. Can I crash at your place?
How about we do some DPI
How about we go back to my room so we can practice simple harmonic motion?
How about you and I go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
I am ready to git commit
I hope you are not Anti-Telescopic, when it comes to....
I know the spring constant for my mattress. Wanna take some data?
I like the area bounded by your two curves.
I scale.
I want you to reboot real quick
I wish I was your problem set, because then I'd be really hard, and you'd be doing me on the desk.
I wish I was your second derivative so I could investigate your concavities.
I wish I were your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
I won't stop bugging you until I get the address of your home page.
I would really like to bisect your angle.
I'd like to browse through your clothes like I browse through Netscape.
I'd like to demonstrate with you simple harmonic motion.
I'd like to get you under your fume hood!
I'd switch to emacs for you.
I'll take you to the limit as x approaches infinity.
If I said you had a nice calculator, would you hold it against me?
If I was sin^2 and you were cos^2 sweetheart together we would be 1.
If I were an enzyme I would be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com
Let's convert our potential energy to kinetic energy.
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge.
Lets implement a baby which can inherit us.
Life without you is like dereferencing a NULL pointer.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Nice set of parabolas!
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
That dress would look even better accelerating towards my bedroom floor at 9.8 m/s^2
That is a slide rule in my pocket.
The volume of a generalized cylinder has been known for thousands of years, but you won't know the volume of mine until tonight.
Wanna come back to my room and see my latest Computer?
Wanna come back to my room? ...and see my 166mhz Pentium?
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
Wanna see the programs in my HP-48GX?
Wanna take some data?
Want a 100% uptime night?
We're as compatible as two similar Power Macintosh's.
We're as compatible as two similar Tablets.
Were your parents engineers? Because you have a nice design.
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
Why was the beam smiling? It was caught up in a positive moment.
Would you unwrap my manifold?
Wow you got a fantastic elevation
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
You increase my Young's modulus.
You must be differentiable, because all I see are smooth curves.
You NP-complete me.
You prefer a quick time line erection?
You're hotter than a Bunsen burner set to full power!
You're like the top of an AMD Athlon.. very hot.
You're sweeter than glucose.
Your 127.0.0.1 or mine
Your body has the nicest arc length I've ever seen.
All three levels of my psyche agree, we need to start dating.
And when I snap my fingers, you will take your clothes off on and remember none of this..
Are you Broca's aphasia? Because you leave me speechless.
Are you happy to see me, or is that just a defense mechanism?
Are you real, or are you a delusion? Either way, you're really hot!
Baby i love everything about you not just the fragmented parts of your personality or your cognitive functioning.
Baby you light up my world like my primary visual cortex.
Baby you'll be enhancing the duration of your short term memory tonight.. by saying my name all night long
Baby you're like an independent variable the way you enlarge my bar graph
Baby you're so beautiful…I can't break down my thoughts and behavior around you, i can't help not experiencing you as a whole.
Baby you're so fine my brain is changing structure just to process it.
Baby, all i see in my Rorschach Tests is me and you!
Can I buy you a shrink?
Care to teach me more about interpersonal relationships?
Damn Baby, you activate my HPA axis. You make my dopamine levels go all silly.
Damn Baby! you just made my afferent neurons buzz with excitement.
Daym girl, are you tryna enhance the capacity of your short term memory? Because dat ass is chunky!
Dayum girl you give me some physiological arousal
Do come lay on my couch… With me.
Do i have to use deception to get voluntary participation from you? You make me want to revoke my withdraw rights
Do I remember you from my dreams, or is that just a false memory?
Excuse me, but I couldn't help noticing that you're also putting hot dogs through doughnuts.
Forget self-care. I'm here to make it all better.
Girl I've got some allostatic load for you right here.
Has the mere exposure effect kicked in yet, or do i need to walk by again?
Hey baby, how about we try an experiment using stimulus and response?
Hey baby i got an acronym for you. D.A.Y.U.M
Hey girl can I get your number in my Long Term memory?
Hey Girl! Are you a conditioned stimulus? Because you're making me drool.
Hey Girl! Are you an unconditioned stimulus, because you make me display the unconditioned response like pavlovs dog.
Hey Girl! I am really worried that you're at risk for vicarious traumatization.
Hey Girl! You put me in an altered state of consciousness.
Hey Girl! You remind me of my mother. When you fell from heaven, did it leave you with any lasting emotional scars?
Hey, how about you come over to my place and i free you from your confrontation with the givens of existence?
I can teach you all about the tip-of-the-tongue phenomenon.
I have a slight OCD care to be my obsession?
I know your name's not little Albert, but I can make you scream.
I must have a neurodegenerative disease because I've forgotten your number cutie.
I think I've just been classically conditioned by your beauty.
I'd compare you to my mother, but I don't want to go down that Freudian slippery slope.
I'll be a prisoner, you be a guard. Abuse me!
I'm conducting an experiment, wanna come spend the night over so i can interpret your dreams?
I'm not feeling myself today, can I feel you?
I've got a great psychoanalysis couch back home, care to try it out?
If you're an axon, i would be your myelin sheath.
Let me show you a relaxation technique not used for systematic desensitization.
Mind if I put my cigar in your ashtray? This isn't just any cigar…
My hypothalamus is going wild for you!
My unconscious mind is urging me to talk to you.
Roses are red, Violets are blue. If you were a null Hypothesis, I would fail to reject you.
Sex is on Maslow's hierarchy of needs. Care to help me self-actualize?
Wanna come back to my place and do something you'll repress later?
What Freudians repress, let's express!
When you fell from heaven, did it leave you with any lasting emotional scars?
Who's your daddy? Do I remind you of him?
Why don't I show you my giant inkblot so you can tell me how you feel about it, hmm?
You are the greatest perception of my heart's delusion!
You fire up all the reward centers in my brain- you're like a dopamine rush to my head.
You know what, a few minutes of probing on my couch and you'd be a completely different woman!
You make me want to maintenance rehearse your name all night long.
You make my medulla spatter.
You must be tired, because you've been running through my passive-aggressive-libido-suppressed mind all night.
You remind me of my mother.
You're into threesomes? Great, because I've got split personality.
You're the Youngian archetype for the perfect woman.
Your ego may be saying ‘no', but your id is giving me a tongue bath.
Could you do it with a friend? Could you do it end to end? Could you do it nude with me? Could you do it while I see? Hee hee hee..
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Each book makes a million, a zillion, or three. Would you, could you, come home with me?
Fish! I'll do it!
From far or near or here or there, haven't I seen you before somewhere?
Have you ridden a golden croc? Or would you prefer my cock?
Have you tried this new drink? You know that you should. It has both parts fizzhoofink, and both parts are good.
Hey, sleep with me. I am not scary. I'm really rich. I'm Drew Carey.
Hey, you wanna, hop on pop
Hi there girl, you look so great, Would you kindly be my date? Get to know me, I'm a perfect man Now would you? Could you? Get in the van?
Hop on pop?
How'd you like to be in my next book: 'Great Legs and Ass'?
I am Sam. Sam I am. Would you, could you, like to date? Would you, could you, like to mate?'
I came without condoms. I came without pills. I came inside hotties and gave them the thrills.
I do not like my wife, you see. I do not like her, no sirree. Her looks accuse, her words disparage, And so we have this open marriage.
I hate this place - the crowd's so phony! Say, care to ride me like a pony?
I love someone who knows what wine goes with red fish or blue fish.
I may not like Green ham or eggs, but I sure love your long, thin legs.
I said what I meant, I meant what I said, I’m hung like an elephant, Just bring me to bed.
I'll do it with you in a car I'll do it with you in a bar I'll do it with you in my bed I'll do it with you on a sled
I’ve danced with Thing 1, and held hands with Thing 2. But not a creature in Whoville compares to you.
In all of Hooterville, where there's Hooters supreme, yours are the best of the Hooters I've seen!
Is that a Cat in your Hat or are you just happy to see me?
It’s too cold to go out. It’s too wet to play ball. So let’s sit in this bar, And do nothing at all.
Marvin K. Mooney, will you please come now?!?
My heart ain't the only thing two sizes too large, if you know what I mean.
My tricks are not bad. Why, we can have lots of good fun if you wish! Here’s a fun little game called, Drink, drink, drink like a fish!
Not one fish or blue fish Nor a Grinch and a Lorax Served all on a green dish From cats wearing hats could ever compare to the places I go When hearing you speak in voices so low I dream of great Snorses gallumphing through Greenland Or bright feathered farces flying through Freeland I’m a doctor you know, but my cures are no use, Against all of your charms, Hi my name is Suess.
Of all the beaches and all the bars, We’ve met here — two Sneetches — with stars upon thars.
On a boat, in a car, with your toes all curled - Oh, the places we'll go when I rock your world!
One fish, Two fish My place, Your place?
One fish. Two fish. Me fish. You?
Sally from Whoville, what's your sign? Let's blow this joint -- your thneed or mine?
That's not the only place this Sneetch has a star, Baby.
Wanna see my cat inna hat?
With a figglefluff there, in the tall greenest grass. I couldn't help notice your magnificent ass.
would you could you, suck my cock? would you could you, by the dock?
Would you like to see my house? Would you like to unbutton my blouse? Would you like to grazzle my flam? And in the morning, green eggs and ham!
Would you like to stop right here? Would you like to get a beer? Would you like to pay the tab? Would you like to grab a cab?
Y'know, after he stole it, the Grinch hid Christmas - in my pants.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. But it’s what’s in your pants That I’d like to choose.
Young lady, young miss, young Cindy Lou Who? Would you be fillhoolupped if I talked to you? I regret to inform you, my heart is two sizes too small. But what I lack in heart, I make up for in gall. So come with me, lovely duzzler, though I may be a Grinch. I’ll impress you a mile, if you give me an inch. All the Whos down in Whoville, With jintinglers and gardoombas, Have nothing on you dear and your set of bazoombas.
Your eyes are like wumbus, Your hair is like jertain. Your zumers look murky-mooshy, But I’d like to be certain.
Your soul is an appalling dump heap overflowing with the most disgraceful assortment of rubbish imaginable mangled up in tangled up knots! Just kidding. That’s from The Grinch. Wanna go out?
After tonight, I guarantee you'll never forget the difference between 'lie' and 'lay.'
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got FINE written all over you.
Are you a verb? Because you look a little tense, but I can put you in the mood.
Are you Full of Beryllium, Gold and Titanium? Because you are BE-AU-TI-FULL!
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon? Because you are F-I-Ne
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
Can I call you 'whom'? Because you're the object — of my affections.
Damn girl, if you were a fruit, you'd be a FINEapple!
Do you like interjections? YES? NO! GOOD!
Have you seen any linking verbs around here? Because you are my complement and I want to connect.
Hey baby i got the F the C and the K all i need is U
Hey girl, are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you are CuTe.
I am your subject. Will you be my predicate?
I know that yes means yes. I know that no means no. Heck, I even know what 'nor' means.
I know the difference between 'less' and 'fewer,' but don't worry, you won't have to ask me for either of them.
I may be disinterested, but I'm not uninterested.
I wish I was adenine, so I could get paired with U.
I would like to end this sentence with a proposition.
I would never precede you with 'which,' baby, because you are essential to this clause.
I'm no adjective; I would never want to modify you.
I'm not possessive, but I still want you to be mine.
If I could make any compound, I'd make Uranium Iodide, so I could put U and I together.
If I could rearrange the alphabet I'd put U and I together. Because I'm hoping to get into U of I.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
It will be a habitual action for me to offer you a simple present.
Know what's on the menu? Me-n-u.
Let's be like a QWERTY keyboard and put 'U' and 'I' together.
Let's go back to my place, flip through my comma sutra, and see where to insert these.
Let's make like an infinitive and never be split.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.
The personal pronoun always comes last.
There is 21 letters in the alphabet right? Oh wait, I forgot u, r, a, q, t.
Want to come back to my place so I can explain tripartite parallel structure to you thoroughly, slowly, and respectfully?
Was your daddy an unclear antecedent? Because I only hope I know what you're referring to.
You don't look like such a proper noun to me.
You: spell me. Her: me. You: you forgot the d. Her: theres no d in me. You: not yet.
A kiss is but a minute’s joy
As glorious as the noon-tide sun
As kind as the sun to the newborn spring
As you have virtue, speak it
But soft, what light through yonder trousers breaks?
By you, like your shade, I’ll ever dwell
Can I just tell you, your eyes are nothing like the sun. And what's up with that wiry head of hair you got going on? Wait, where you going? Come back, it gets better! Your breath reeks! Call me!
Come woo me, woo me, for I am in a holiday humour and like enough to consent. (As You Like It)
diamond are not more pure than she
Do me, or not do me. THAT is the question.
Et tu, Cutie?
Ever seen a beast with two backs? Want to help me make one?
Give me a naked lady in a net of gold
Give me leave to waken your memory
God hath given you one face, but you made yourself another. You didn't need to. I mean, the first one was fine.
Good night, good night! parting is such sweet sorrow (Romeo and Juliet)
Goodness and virtue are your near acquaintances
Greetings to you, fair sailor.
Her name like some celestial fire quickens my spirit
Hey, Baby, can Ophelia up?
Hey, that guy de Vere wrote you this sonnet and told me to put my name on it. No, wait, no he didn't, he's dead.
Hi. My name is Julius, and when I saw you, I said to myself, 'Julius, seize her!'
How about a little Puck?
I am a castaway in love
I am as mute as night
I am proud to please you
I bet your phone number ends in 1599 because that's the most probable date for the composition of As You Like It.
I do beseech you – chiefly that I may set it in my prayers – what is your name? (The Tempest)
I do love nothing in the world so well as you (Much Ado about Nothing)
I don't want to brag, but I did once hear my last girlfriend referring to our sex life as the 'sound and the fury.' I didn't catch what she said after that. Or immediately before.
I have no faculty which is not yours.
I noticed you hitting it off with that fair youth. Care to make it a three-way?
I pray you, do not fall in love with me, For I am falser than vows made in wine (As You Like It)
I prize your love above all the gold in wealthy Indies arms
I sacrifice to you the incense of my thanks
I see your wit is as nimble as your tongue
I want no part of welcome but your wished presence
I wear you in my heart
I will repay your love with usury
I will unripe my very bosom to you
I would not wish any companion in the world but you.
I, like a child, will go by your directions
I'd LIKE for YOU to PLEASE go OUT with ME. Ever been picked up in iambic pentameter before?
I'd rather compare thee to a summer's NIGHT, if you don't mind and if you get my meaning.
I’ll bathe my lips in rosy dews of kisses
I’ll chronicle your virtues
I’ll pay the tribute of my love to you
I’ll play at kisses with you
If I said you were the most beautified, would you say that beautified was a vile phrase?
If I start behaving like an ass, will you start behaving like Titania?
If I whispered in thine ear that thou hadst a body of beauty unknown but to the heavens, wouldst thou hold it against me?
If it be thus to dream, still let me sleep! (Twelfth Night)
If love be rough with you, be rough with love; Prick love for pricking, and you beat love down. Especially useful when your target gives off that 'recently broke up with somebody' vibe.
If you were a statue, I'd wish I were Leontes and you were Hermione, who was pretending to be dead for sixteen years. And not really a statue at all.
Inherit your desires
Is this a dagger I see before me? Nay! Im merely happy to cast eyes upon thy beauty!
It is a confidence that well becomes you
It is a paradise enjoying you
It is no pilgrimage to travel to your lips
Let me but touch the white pillows of your
Let me perish in your presence
Let me seal my vowed faith on your lips
Let me share your thoughts
Let men that hope to be beloved be bold
Let's go back to my place and tear some sheets, Doll!
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind (A Midsummer Nights Dream)
Make me companion of your cares
Midnight would blush at this
Mine eyes have feasted on your beauteous face
My arms shall be your sanctuary
My boldness wants excuse
My duty binds me to obey you ever
My entertainment hath confirmed my welcome
My genius and yours are friends
My heart, it pines, as my trousers tent.
My tongue speaks the freedom of my heart
My wish requires you
naked breasts
Now is the winter of my discontent. Won't you make it glorious summer by going out with me?
O I shall rob you of too much sweetness
O, somebody bring me a bucket of water ’cause I just found my muse of fire! Hey, baby, did you ever ascend the brightest heaven of invention?
O, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?- Romeo and Juliet
O! Prithee sitteth upon my visage, and perchance to let me divine thy weight.
Of course, Romeo and Gertrude is just a working title. I might be persuaded to change it for you, MLady.
Reward stays for you
Shall I compare thee to a brick outhouse?
Shall I compare thee to a summers day? (Sonnet 18)
She’s beautiful, and therefore to be wooed; She is woman, and therefore to be won (Henry VI)
Sin from thy lips? O trespass sweetly urged! Give me my sin again. (Romeo and Juliet)
Sure winter dwells upon your lip, the snow is not more cold
Sweet and delicious is the feast of love
Sweet as the breath o flutes, or love’s deliciousness
The fault is not in our stars but in your eyes. I mean, the stars are in your eyes. Or something.
The sun never met the summer with more joy
The unblown rose, the crystal nor the
The very instant that I saw you did my heart fly to your service.
There is no treasure on Earth like her
There's nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so - and I'm thinking you look good.
There’s music in her smiles
They are in the very wrath of love, and they will together; clubs cannot part them. (As you Like It)
They must have left the gates of purgatory open—look who walked out! Besides Hamlet's dad, I mean.
To be or not to be? With you, the former. Without you, the latter.
Virtue goes with you
Welcome, as light to day, as health to sick men
What a pretty thing man is when he goes in his doublet and hose and leaves off his wit! (Much Ado About Nothing)
When you do dance, I wish you a wave o’ the sea, that you might ever do nothing but that. Probably only useful after chasing down someone who's just come off the dancefloor.
When you do dance, I wish you were a wave o’ the sea, that you might ever do nothing but that. (The Winter’s Tale)
Who ever loved that loved not at first sight? Yeah, I've heard you want to be careful starting out with the L word.
Without thine companionship, dear lady, I fearest Id spend the evening with pen in hand, if thou knows what I mean.
Women are angels clad in flesh
Wouldst thou away to yon Motel 6 with me?
Wouldst thou care to join me in forming the beast with two backs?
You are a flame of beauty
You are a noble giver
You are a white enchantress, lady. You can enchain me with a smile.
You are full of fair desert
You are the miracle of friendship
You are the only anchor of my hopes
You are the rising sun which I adore
You are the star I reach at
You are the userer of fame
You cannot tempt me, Siren
You guild my praises far above my deserts
You have a face where all good seems to dwell
You have made me sick with passion
You have the power to sway me as you please
You have witchcraft in your lips (Henry VI)
You look like an angel. Or at least a minister of grace.
You make my faith to stagger
You must know Shakespeare ’cause my heart just did a swan dive. Because he's, like, called the Swan of Avon sometimes. Get it?
You speak the courtier’s dialect
You understand not the language of my intent
You wear a snowy livery
You wrap me up in wonder
You, like a comet, do attract all eyes
You. Me. Dance floor. Now. Don't give me no ado about nothing.
You're like a good production of A Midsummer Night's Dream. You both have a nice Bottom.
Your breath casts sweet perfumes
Your compliments call your faith in question
Your example steers me
Your eyes are orbs of stars
Your favors have fallen like dew upon me
Your favors I did taste in great abundance
Your fingers are made to quaver on a lute, your arms to hang about a lady’s neck
Your heart’s desires be with you!
Your love outstrips my merit
Your title far exceeds my worth
Your tongue is oiled with courtly flatteries
Your wit hath too much edge
Your words are Delphian oracles
Your words have charmed my soul
Your words like music please me
Are you a Nahua priest? Because you’re totally holding my heart in your hands.
Are you an excavation site? Because I dig you.
Baby you’re more precious than an artifact!
Baby, I’ve got a huge grant !
Baby, you make this Homo erectus.
Baby, you must have time distortion powers because you're turning me into Homo Erectus!
Baby, your hotness is a social fact!
Back in action, gonna cast a spell on you like Azande witch doctors.
Can I excavate your mounds?
Can I touch your tangible heritage?
Care to shine my trowel?
Come here and let me demonstrate how to shovel probe.
Did it hurt when you fell from your culture’s dogmatic view of an afterlife?
Excuse me miss, but are you Mesa Verde? Because it feels like I've been digging you for years.
Fancy rimming my sherd?
Hey baby, Can I probe your moist area?
Hey baby, can I survey your features ?
Hey baby, can i use my GPR on you?
Hey baby, could i have a look at your artifacts?
Hey baby, I wanna go down today… about 10 centimeters.
Hey Baby, I wanna see your bedrock!
Hey, I’ve just discovered a bone in my pants, and I was wondering if you could date it.
Hey, wanna come over and examine my collection of Folsom points?
How about we take tis to dance floor and I'll sow you the Intertubercular Groove?
I find your culture fascinating…I’d like to learn more about your mating rituals.
I like my women like I like my DNA helicase - unzipping my genes.
I like your hotspot.
I sure would like to calibrate your curves.
I would never bury our love in a coniferous forest, because the acidity of the soil would ruin any chance of preservation.
I'll make your plumb bob!
I’d like to excavate your site.
I’m a linguistic anthropologist, may i study your tongue?
If I told you that you had some nice secondary sex characteristics, would you hold them against me?
Is that an increment borer in your pocket or are you happy to see me?
Let's pretend you're C14 so I can date you.
Let’s forget the carbon and move straight to the dating!
Let’s have a debate. I’ll be a cultural relativist, and you assume the missionary position.
Let’s pretend you’re full of C14 so I can date you.
My, my you are a special find.
My, what a large ranging pole you have!
So, wanna get dirty?
Wanna extract some minerals from my bone?
Wanna share a trench?
What a nice pair of platform mounds you got there!
Why don’t I show you my anterior pubis so you can sex me to 95% accuracy?
Would you like to examine my bone?
Would you like to see my totem ?
Wow, and all this time I thought nothing was sexier than archaeometry!
You know, you really match my culturally constructed beauty standard !
You like petrology? Well, check out this cleavage!
You remind me of the Kennewick Man, I’d do anything to claim you for my own.
You're an osteologist? In that case, there's a bone I'd like to show you...
Your beauty is more striking than the preservation of Otzi the Iceman!
[me != me]. [me += you].
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Anonymity makes me even more handsome.
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
Are you a computer whiz… it seems you know how to turn my software to hardware.
Are you a double? The thought of you always floats inside my head.
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
Are you an applet? You make me feel all GUI (gooey) inside.
Are you an exception? Let me catch you.
Are you my driver? Because you make my life worthwhile.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing.
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them!
As of now, my mother doesn't have a Facebook account so, if we were to take this thing to the next level, you wouldn't have to worry about rejecting her inappropriate Family Request.
Baby are you a motherboard?, Cause I'd 'RAM' you all night long.
Baby you know this junk isn't USB2.0..it's firewire!
Baby you must be Google Glasses, because you augment my reality
Baby you're so cute you made my page 404.
Baby, if they made you in C, you would have a pointer to my heart.
Baby, if they made you in Java, you'd be the object of my desire.
Baby, let's configure our hard drives in master and slave position.
Baby, there is no part of my body that is Micro or Soft
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive
Baby, you must be running a TCP protocol, since every time I talk to you, your body gives me an acknowledgment!
Baby, you overclock my processor.
Be the hard drive of my dreams.
Before you, I was a PC without a power outlet.
Can I stick my USB drive in your USB port?
Can you be my ActionListener? That way you notice everything that I do.
Can you be my private variable? I want to be the only one with access to you.
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I’ll give you sudo access.
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
Could I borrow your smartphone? I need to post a Facebook status update that I've met the woman of my dreams, in order to make all the ex-girlfriends I'm still Facebook friends with jealous.
Could I have your I.P.?
Do u like me? Text '1′ for 'Yes,' '2′ for 'No.
Do you think we can make it a step more serious and disable network sharing?
Don't worry honey, they call it my dual-channel RAM.
Don't worry, the first couple of times it's always Abort, Retry, Fail.
Every once and a while two numbers meet, link, and become forever binary.
Girl, are you Wi-Fi? Cuz im feeling the connection!
Girl, you are an A++.
Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Have you been Googling me? I've got my blog all tricked out with analytics and I think I've been seeing your IP address in them.
Here's my number: 0011 0011 1011 0001 0010 1000 0101
Hey baby, did you know I am wearing a C-String?
Hey baby, I'm a power source, and you're the kind of resistor I'd like to deliver my load to.
Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel.
Hey baby, lets turn off our firewalls and connect our Ethernet cable.
Hey cutie! I have a processor, and if you have an empty slot on your motherboard.
Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
How about we go home and you handle my exception?
How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitpic your Yahoo until you tweet my Tumblr and I Google all over your Facebook!
How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitter you with my Yahoo until I Google on your Facebook?
I am a Boolean method whose love will always return true.
I am a Buffered Reader. You input meaning into my life.
I am the field attribute in your class: I can't exist unless you do.
I CAN HAS DA NASTY WIT U?
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.'
I had to drop out of college because the $250,000,000 software company I started in my dorm room was taking up too much of my time. Can I buy you a PC?
I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you.
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.
I output gibberish as you tap my keypad.
I think we should increase our bandwidth.
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
I think you're my compiler. My life wouldn't start without you.
I want all of our functions to be read/write.
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.
I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook?
I wish to uncompress you over *all* my disk space.
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.
I wish you were DSL so I could get high speed access.
I would love to stick my pins into your sockets.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video.
I'd like to play on your laptop.
I'd switch to a Iphone for you.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
I'll always have cache for you.
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.
I'll have to try again tomorrow, because you've already exceeded my bandwidth.
I'm definitely in the range of your hotspot. How about you let me connect and get full access.
I'm overheating because you're stuck in my head like an infinite loop.
I've fully rebooted from my last relationship.
If I was an operating system, your process would have top priority.
If I were a method, you must be my parameter, because I will always need you.
If I were an assembly language, I'd jump to your address, shift right a bit, push it in, pop it out, load a byte into your accumulator, then jump if you're negative.
If I were an operating system, your process would be real-time priority.
If we were connected on LinkedIn, I'd endorse you all night long.
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me!
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it.
If you were a part of my domain, we could share cookies.
If you were a USB Port I'd stick my jump drive into you.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady
If you were an eBay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Im not staring, Im stuck in a loop. (Logic: while (girl=hot, look))
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Is your network encrypted? Im looking to hack.
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?
Let me be the 'throws Exception’ to your 'public static void main (String[] args)’. I will accept whatever you give me.
Let's interface our hardware.
Let's just cut to the chase, I wanna hotsync your PDA.
Living with you would be like living in a virtual reality.
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?
Most people say women are NP-complete, but if I get you into bed, I can solve you in polynomial time!
My 'up-time' is better than BSD.
My attraction for you is stronger than the magnetic forces inside of my hard disk.
My love for you cannot be measured with an int, not with a long, and not even with an array. It is out of bounds and infinite….
My love for you comes with no strings attached.
My love for you is a constant variable: unupdatable and unchangeable.
My love is a for loop without the increment operator— infinitive, non-terminating, and difficult to stop once it starts running.
My main method is 'public love iLoveYou().'
My name is #####, and I speak Klingon.
My servers never go down... but I do!
Need me to unzip your files?
Need me to unzip your files?
Nice Set of Floppies!
No GPU in the world could make you look hotter than you already are.
No kinky Windows stuff.
No matter how I sort things, you'll always be first.
No, that's not a iphone in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you.
Nobody turns me on from a cold boot like you.
Oh little processer of my desire!
Oh you still like Laptops, the you can put yo lap on top of my dick
Oh, you found out about my backups, didn't you?
Our Love Routines link perfectly.
Phone for you, I think it's your motherboard.
Press any key to continue.
Public class Your World extends My World.
Roses are #FF0000, violets are #0000FF. All my base are belong to you.
There is no cache, lets go straight to the hard drive.
There is no primitive data type that could possibly hold the number of things I would do to spend one night with you.
Trust me, I'm user friendly.
Want to come see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
Want to see my Red Hat?
We are an aggregation of classes: one cannot exist without the other.
We can make beautiful .wav files together.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Well, if that's how you feel, I guess it's time to upgrade.
Well, now you've gone and killed my process.
What do you say we play a game of 'Words With More Than Friends?'
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chat room like this?
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account? [what?] I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
Where's the 'like' button for that smile?
while(myBAC >= 0.3) {YourHotness++; }
Why don't you come down to my basement apartment in my mom's house and see me sometime?
Would you like to enjoy my laptop, I promise I don't have any viruses...
Would you like to enjoy my laptop, I promise I don't have any viruses…
You are a field in my class. You will always be protected.
You are my API. I want to know everything about you.
You are my increment operator. You make my value increase.
You are my initializer: without you, my life would point to nothing (null).
You are my loop condition. I keep coming back to you.
You are my methods. I am nothing without you.
You are my semicolon; always present in everything I do.
You are my superclass: you define what I can do.
You are so hot girl that when I first laid eyes on you, I reached a runtime error.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
You are the IDE of my life: I find it easier because of you.
You are the JDK (Java Development Kit) in my life. I won't compile without you.
You auto-complete me.
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime
You defragment my life
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
You had me at 'Hello World.'
You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor.
You have nice syntax.
You look familiar. What's your Twitter handle? I think I follow you.
You make me want to calibrate my joystick without the latest drivers
You make my software turn into hardware!
You must be tired because you've been streaming through my RSS feed all day…
You must be Windows 95 because you have me so unstable.
You put the SPARC in my workstation.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
You totally spiked my traffic.
You turn my floppy disk in to a hard drive
You want to learn about computers huh, you've already passed the first lesson 'Turning Me On'
You're hotter then the bottom of my laptop.
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads.
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
Your beauty rivals the graphics of MW3.
Your eyes are far more gorgeous than any source code I have ever seen.
Your homepage or mine?
YouTube Myspace and I'll Google your Yahoo!
1/3>((-1^1/5)/27U)^1/2 Simply this to know how I feel about you. i>3U
Archimedes cried out “eureka” and ran around naked and filled with joy when he discovered that the volume of a solid can be determined by how much it displaces. Spend more time with me and you will do the same.
Are you a 30 degree angle? Because you’re acute-y.
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because your perfect.
Are you a 90 degree angle? 'Cause you are looking right!
Are you a math teacher because you got me harder than trigonometry
Are you a math teacher? Because you got me harder than calculus.
Are you the square root of 2? because I feel irrational when I'm around you
At absolute zero, you would still move me.
B equals T x N. I think you and I should study the T and N planes in depth
Baby i just drew a pic of you on my ti83 but you are sooo hot my screen melted
Baby I wish I could live on a [integral of 1/cabin d cabin] with you.
Baby if you were a 6 I would want to be your (reflection about the x-axis + then reflection about the y-axis) -->9
Baby ill be your asymptotes so i can shape your curves...
Baby let me be your integral so I can be the space under your curves
Baby you must be a modulus sign, 'cos whenever you wrap your arms round me i always feel positive!
Baby your like a student and I am like a math book, you solve all my problems.
Baby, I wish you were x2 and I was x3/3 so I could be the area under your curve...
Baby, let me find your nth term
Baby, lim (u->me) ? e^x = f(u)^n.
Baby, you're a 9.999999999...but you'd be a 10 if you were with me.
Baby, you're body is like a hyperbola
Baby, you're like a student and I'm like a math book... you solve all my problems!
Being with you is like switching to polar coordinates: complex and imaginary things now have a magnitude and direction.
Being without you is like being a metric space in which exists a cauchy sequence that does not converge
Bertrand Russell was a renowned mathematician, philosopher and advocate for sexual liberation. How about we cut math and philosophy class and focus on the rest of Russell’s life.
By looking at you I can tell you're 36-25-36, which by the way are all perfect squares.
Can i explore your mean value?
Can I plug my solution into your equation?
Excuse me, ma'am, but can I get your seven significant digits?
Girl my love for you goes on like the number pi
Guy: Do you like math? Girl: No. Guy: Me neither...In fact, the only number I care about is yours.
Hey baby I'm an engineer. I can mend your broken heart
Hey baby, can i see what's under your radical?
Hey baby, what's your sine?
Hey baby, what's your tanx cosx?
Hey, baby want to Squeeze my Theorem while I poly your nomial?
Hey...nice asymptote.
Hi, I hear you're good at algebra.....Will you replace my eX without asking Y?
Honey, you're sweeter than pi.
How about I perform a sort on your variables, and you can analyze my performance?
How about you come to my place tonight, so I can show you the growth of my natural log
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the digits of your phone number?
Huygens’ favorite curves were cycloids, but my favorite curves are yours.
I 1-sin(theta) you
I am equivalent to the Empty Set when you are not with me.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds. What? You don’t believe me? Well, then, let’s try it with your phone number.
I do believe I am your reciprocal; we will be one when we multiply.
I don't know if you're in my range, but I'd sure like to take you home to my domain.
I don’t like my current girlfriend. Mind if I do a you-substitution?
I heard you like math, so what's the sum of U+Me
I heard you're good at algebra - Could you replace my X without asking Y?
I heard you're sin because you're always on top when we make tangent
I hope you know set theory because i want to intersect and union you
I less than three you..... (i <3 you>
I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
I not good at algebra but you and I together make 69!!!
I think if you and i had Hex we'd be a perfect OA
I think that convex butts are ALWAYS better than concave butts..you look toned
I use my rod of infinite length for more than just simplifying calculations...
I wish I was your calculus homework, because then I'd be hard and you'd be doing me on your desk.
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves
I wish I was your differential because then I'd be touching all your curves.
I wish i was your problem set, because then I'd be really hard, and you'd be doing me on the desk.
I wish I was your secant line so I could touch you in at least two places!
I wish I was your second derivative so I could investigate your concavities.
I wish I were a predicate so I could be the direct object of your affection.
I wish I were your second derivative so i could fill your concavities.
I wish u were the Pythagorean theorem so I can insert my hypotenuse into your legs.
I would really like to bisect your angle.
I'd like to be your math tutor for the night; add a bed, subtract your clothes, divide your legs and multiply!
I'd like to instantiate your objects, and access their member variables
I'd like to plug my solution into your equation.
I'll be the one over your cosx an baby, we can have secx!
i'll take you to the limit as X approaches infinity.
I'll take you to your limit if you show me your end behavior.
I'm good at math... let's add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply!
I'm like pi baby, I'm really long and I go on forever.
i'm not being obtuse, but you're acute girl.
I'm overheating because you're stuck in my head like an infinite loop.
I'm relativistic: the faster I go, the longer I last.
I'm sine and you're cosine, wanna make like a tangent?
I've been secant you for a long time
I’m good at math: add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply!
If four plus four equals eight, ....then me plus you equals fate.
If I move my lips half the distance to yours... and then half again... and again... etc.... would they ever meet? no? Well in this specific case i am going to disprove your assumption.
If I was sin^2 theta and you were cos^2 theta together we would be 1
If I went binary, you would be the 1 for me.
If i were a function you would be my asymptote - i always tend towards you.
If I were an integral, I'd fill you up.
If I were sin2x and you were cos2x , together we'd be +1
If I'm sine and you're cosine, wanna make like a tangent?
If I'm the Riemann zeta function, you must be s=1.
If you don’t want to go all the way, you can still partially derive me.
If you were a graphics calculator, I'd look at your curves all day long!
If you were sin^2x and I was cos^2x, then together we'd make one.
In Euclidean geometry two parallel lines never touch ... let's go back to my place and study some non-Euclidean geometry.
Instead of being the derivative, id much rather be the secant so i can touch u not only once, but twice
Is that an asymptote in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Let 'u' and 'i' be irrational integers such that a real non-monotonic relationship exists for all T = {0 ... infinity}
Let me integrate our curves so that I can increase our volume
Let's make our slopes zero (slope of zero means horizontal => bed)
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge
Lets make love like pi; irrational and never ending
Like a quantum computation, our paths are entangled.
Maybe later we can go over to my place and titrate until you reach your end-point..
Meeting you is like a switch to polar coordinates: complex and imaginary things are given a magnitude and a direction.
Meeting you is like making a switch to polar coordinates: complex and imaginary things are given a magnitude and a direction.
My ex-girlfriend is like the square root of -1,.... she's imaginary.
My friends told me that I should ask you out because you can't differentiate. Do you need math help?
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
My love for you is like a concave function's positive first derivative, because it's always increasing.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
My love for you is like a fractal - it goes on forever.
My love for you is like pi, it's never-ending.
My love for you is like the derivative of a concave up function because it is always increasing. we're going to assume this concave up function resembles x^2 so that slopes is actually increasing.
My love for you is like the slope of a concave up function because it's always increasing.
My love for you is like y=2^x... exponentially growing.
My love is like an exponential curve - it's unbounded
My vector has a really large magnitude. Would you care to normalize it?
On a scale of 1-10, you're a solid e to the power of pi
Our love is like dividing by zero.... you cannot define it
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
T and N = osculating plane, which literally means the 'kissing' plane.
The derivative of my love for you is 0, because my love for you is constant.
The law of contrapositives says that we should use a condom.
The surface of my cylinder is not a compact metric space.
The volume of a general cylinder was known for thousands of years, but you won
The volume of a generalized cylinder has been known for thousands of years, but you won’t know the volume of mine until tonight.
The way the light reflects off the angles of your head is extremely enchanting.
Wanna expand my polynomial?
We've been differentiating for too long, lets sum it up and integrate
What do math and my dick have in common?...They're both hard for you
What's your sine? The sine^(-1) of you must be pi/2 cause you're the one
Whoops, I think my binomials just expanded
Why can’t love be a one to one function? Then our relationship could be injective.
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
Why don’t we use some Fourier analysis on our relationship and reduce to a series of simple periodic functions.
Why don’t you be the numerator and I be the denominator and both of us reduce to simplest form?
Would you like to see the exponential growth of my natural log?
Yo baby, you want to see me solve a quadratic?
Yo gurl, I heard your good at math... Cause your legs are always divided.
You + Me = The number of sides in a Mobius Strip
You and i add up better than a Riemann sum
You and I must have the same natural frequency, because we resonate together.
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
You are one well-defined function.
You are the solution to my homogeneous system of linear equations.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
You have nicer legs than an Isosceles right triangle.
You must be an asymptote, because I just find myself getting closer and closer to you.
You must be sin squared, because I'm cosine squared and together we equal one.
You must be the square root of -1 because you can't be real.
You must be the square root of two because I feel irrational around you.
You're as sweet at 3.14.
You've got more curves than a triple integral.
Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.
Your beauty defies real and complex analysis.
Your body has the nicest arc length I've ever seen.
Your hotness is the only reason we can't reach absolute zero.
Your name is Leslie? Look, I can spell your name on my calculator!
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
Are you a carbon sample? Because I want to date you.
Are you a compound of Beryllium and Barium? Because you're a total BaBe.
Are you a non volatile particle? Because you raise my boiling point.
Are you a scientist? Because I Lab you
Are you full of Beryllium, Gold, and Titanium, because you are Be-Au-Ti-Ful
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Because you are Cu-Te
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon? 'Cause you are F-I-Ne
Are you made of Nickel, Cerium, Arsenic and Sulfur? Because you've got a NiCe AsS!
Are you on the periodic table? 'Cause you are SODIUM fine
Babe you must be a neuron, because you got some action potential
Baby if you let your acid react with my base, you can count on getting 100 MOLES of my water and salt
baby lets measure the amplitude of our physical wave
Baby stop with diet coke, you've got plenty of ASSpertame
Baby you give my electrons a positive charge
Baby you must be made of mica rock because you have perfect cleavage
Baby you've definitely got potential, my place would be a great place to convert it to kinetic
Baby, every time i see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up
Baby, I can feel an attraction between you and me, and it's more than just our universal gravitation...
Baby, i'm gonna break you like a large non-polar substance breaks a phospholipid bilayer!
Baby, I'm like an oceanic plate on a gravity slide - I can't wait to subduct beneath your crust!
Baby, if you let me pump my H+ ions into your intermembrane space, it would induce a massive conformational change in my f1 complex.
Baby, if you were oceanic crust and I was a continent, I'd let you subduct so we can make hot hot magma.
Baby, if you were oceanic crust and I was a continent, I'd let you subduct so we can make hot hot magma.
Baby, together U and I make uranium iodide (UI3)
Baby, we've got chemistry together... next period.
Baby, you must be a pile of dinosaur bones, cause I dig you!
Baby, you must be a start codon because you are turning me on.
Billions of neutrinos penetrate you every second...Mind if I join in?
Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state?
Can I be your enzyme? because my active site is dying for a chemical reaction.
Can I bombard your singularity with my rocket ship until you supernova?
Can I have your significant digits?
Chem students do it on the table periodically
Did you swallow a magnet? Because you're attractive.
Didn't you know that chemists do it periodically on the table?
Do you have 11 protons? Cause your sodium fine.
Do you like aerobic respiration as much as I do?
Do you like Science? Because I've got my ion you!
Do you like Science?, cause tonight your gonna sample my DNA
Do you want to extract some protein from my column?
Does your skin feel burnt? Because I think you must have just fallen down from heaven, and re-entry would have caused some problems for you.
Don't you hate it how the coyote always remains suspended in midair until he looks down? It's just SO misleading.
Engineers don't know the first thing about pleasing a woman. Friction alone can't get the job done.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Everyone knows its not the size of the vector that matters, but the way the force is delivered.
Forget hydrogen you're my number one element
Girl are you a charged atom, because I've got my ion you.
Girl gave me Arsenic Sulfide so I tore that AsS up
Girl whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away
Girl you must be made of Florine, Iodine, and Neon, because you are FINe
Heisenberg was wrong. I'm certain about what you're doing tonight.
Hello... I've been admiring your bacterial signature.
Hey baby if i supply the voltage and you a little resistance, imagine the current we can make together (V=IR => (V/R)=I)
Hey baby, can I be your enzyme? because my active site is dying for a chemical reaction.
hey baby, lets figure out the torque of your mass on my rod
Hey baby, wanna form a synapse with me and exchange neurotransmitters?
Hey baby, wanna form a zygote?
Hey baby, want to form a synapse with me and exchange neurotransmitters?
Hey baby, want to form a zygote?
Hey baby, why don't you get your ligase working on my okazaki fragment and lengthen my strand.
Hey baby, will a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction?
Hey baby. It's massive. You know what I'm talking about.
Hey, are you an alpha carbon, because you look susceptible to backside attack!
Hey, up for some high-energy quantum tunneling tonight?
Hey, wanna put your alpha helix in my beta barrel?
Hi does your body consist of Oxygen and Neon?, because you are the ONe.
How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
How about we make like the change of base law, with you on the bottom, and me on top?
How about you Palmitoylate my protein, so i can drive it into your lipid raft.
How do you feel about group experiments?
I also prefer my ribosomes bound tight. Spin me round with your basal body and make sure it's turgid.
I believe you and I could prove the Lock and Key model later tonight
I bet you're like calcium bicarbonate - if I get you wet, the reaction will be explosive!
I don't need neurons to stimulate your sensory system.
I have a smooth endoplasmic reticulum but know that I like it rough, if you know what I mean.
I have E=mc2 tattooed on my ass. Wanna see?
I haven't gotten laid in 4 years, 3 months, and 12 days, plus-or-minus 2 days. Would you care to check my error bars?
I just bought a molecular model kit, want to play with my stick and balls?
I know the spring constant for my mattress. Wanna take some data?
I might be a physics major, but I'm no Bohr in bed.
I must be a diamond now, because you just gave me a hardness of 10
I want to stick to u like glue-cose.
I want to work on your leucine zipper with my zinc fingers.
I will fondle your vesicles while you caress my Golgi body.
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.
I wish I were Adenine because then I could get paired with U.
I'd be the photon to your electron and take you to an excited state.
I'm A Twig.....You're A Twig......Lets Rub Together And Make A Fire.
I'm attracted to you like the Earth is attracted to the Sun - with a large force inversely proportional to the distance squared.
I'm attracted to you so strongly, scientists will have to develop a fifth fundamental force.
I'm hung like a Foucault pendulum.
I'm trying to determine after years of therapy and lots of testing, whether or not I'm allergic to sex.
If I could program the universe, I would allocate you and I in contiguous memory blocks.
If I could rearrange the periodic table, I'd put Uranium and Iodine together.
If I was a plant you'd make my roots extend
If i was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me: smooth or rough?
If i was an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so i could unzip your genes
If I were a neurotransmitter, I would be dopamine so I could activate your reward pathway.
If I were a Shwann cell, I'd squeeze around your axon and give you a fast action potential.
If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
If my right leg is the cell wall and my left the membrane, do you want to be the cytoplasm?
If you were a concentration gradient I'd go down on you.
If you were a laser, you'd be set on stunning.
If you were an element, you'd be Francium, because you're the most attractive
If you were Anatomy, then I'd be Physiology because they always go together!
If you were C6, and I were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be sweeter than sugar.
If you were oxygen, I would be an alkali metal so i could get in you and explode!
Im more attracted to you then F is attracted to an electron.
In my bed, it's perpetual motion all night long, baby.
Is it getting hot in here? or is it just our bond that is forming?
It’s a good thing you've got evaporative cooling, cause I’m going to make you sweat
Let's convert our potential energy to kinetic energy.
Let's discover our coefficient of friction
Let's exchange fermions!
Let's find out our combined volume, by displacing the water in my water bed
Let's make like a transcription factor and response element and turn things on.
Let's work out our orbicularis oris muscles together!
Lets get together and test the spring potential of my mattress
Lets meet somewhere... you bring your beaker and I'll bring my stirring rod
Like the ideal vacuum, you're the only thing in my universe.
Me and you would undergo a more energetic reaction then Potassium and water.
My bond length might be short, but it can still give you some electron density
My hypothalamus must be secreting serotonin because baby, I want you!
My last partner wasn't very stable. She spontaneously decayed last week and left me for a neutrino.
My love for you is like the universe...never ending!
My psychiatrist sent me for an MRI because she thinks I have a magnetic personality.
My sudden protracted cardiac arrhythmia tells me I love you
Not only are we scientists, but we have the ability to do each other on a table, periodically.
Right now we’re just two RNA, but maybe we could transcribe together and become DNA.
That dress would look even better accelerating towards my bedroom floor at 9.8 m/s2
The direction fields of my heart all point to you
Those other guys said that your eyes shine like stars. But can they explain how they shine with equal brightness?
Top quark or bottom quark?
Two large masses that are close together are supposed to radiate gravitational waves. I think that you're a big part of that.
Wanna alkylate my alkoxide? It's nucleophilic and ready to backside attack the halogen out of you.
Wanna couple our equations tonight?
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
Want to be my substrate/enzyme?
Want to meet up so I can excite your natural frequency?
Want to test the spring constant of my mattress?
We can make a mess as I've hired some lysosomes to clean up after.
We fit together like the sticky ends of recombinant DNA.
We have great chemistry, lets do some biology
What do you say we use my lever to shift your center of mass?
What say we slip between my beta-pleated sheets and you get to know my alpha-helix?
What's your resonance frequency?
When you and me get together it's like superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
You and Me = Grand Unification
You are like a proton in my core--without you i could never be the same.
You are the HCl to my NaOH, lets make sweet love and make an ocean together
You are the photon to my photosystem: you excite my electron until I reach my reaction center.
You be Fluorine and I'll be Francium and maybe later I can give you an electron
You give me more jolt than a mitochondria!
You know why Men are so much sexier than women? Because you can't spell sexy without xy.
You know.. it's not the length of the vector that counts... it's how you apply the force
You make my anoxic sediments want to increase their redox potential.
You must be a cell, cause my DNA is all in you.
You must be a compound of beryllium and barium...because your a total BaBe.
You must be a magnetic monopole because all i get from you is attraction
You must be auxin, because your causing me to have rapid stem elongation.
You must be calcium bicarbonate, because if you let me get you wet, then the reaction will be explosive.
You must be chlorine cause you are polarizing my bond!
You must be gibberelin, because I'm experiencing some stem elongation.
You must be the one for me, since my selectively permeable membrane let you through.
You're a moving electric charge, and I'm a moving magnetic charge... Wanna flux?
You're hotter than a Bunsen burner set to full power!
You're like an exothermic reaction, you spread your hotness everywhere!
You're more special than relativity.
You're so hot you denature my proteins
You're so hot, you must be the cause for global warming.
You’re like telophase, I admire your cleavage.
You’re so cute you make my zygomaticus muscles contract.
Your eyes have a perfect wavelength of 563.4 nm.
Your lab bench, or mine?
Are you a pilgrim? Because I'd let you land on my rock. Plymouth's got nothing on me, if you know what I mean.
Are you a union worker with a history of anarchy?
Are you in charge of the new transportation bill because you have been running through my mind all day!
Are you the Cuban missile crisis?
Are you the Manhattan project? I've gotta say – you're bomb.
Baby I'll make you see stars and stripes
Baby, you can trust me. I always pull out at the last second.
Baby, you have more curves than the Democrat Party line.
Call it manifest destiny, but I truly believe it's my God-given right to acquire you.
Call me John Adams, 'cause I want to be all up in your xyz affair.
Call me Paul Revere because I'd like to give you a midnight ride.
Did the rules change about camping outside the capital because you got me pitching a tent.
Do you want to see a majority whip?
Excuse me but I'm looking for weapons of ass destruction
Girl, after tonight, I won't be the only one needing a wheelchair.
Girl, try as it might; the agricultural adjustments act couldn't keep me from plowing your field.
Good thing I'm not a colonist, because I'd let you do intolerable acts to me.
How would you like to take a ride on Air Force One?
I asked Barack Obama if you and I could get together later, and he said 'Yes, you can'.
I don't need a CRS report to tell me how beautiful you are.
I have sex like I fight wars; I have no exit strategy.
I may not be the POTUS, but I see US on TOP of each other.
I motion to elongate the caucus.
I must be the Russian space program, because I'm just dying to launch my Sputnik into your space.
I must be the U.S. Capital. Because my statues of freedom can be seen from miles away.
I think you should remove all barriers to imports? It will ease my inflation and the benefits will trickle down.
I wanna do to your body what Mitt Romney does to poor people.
I would gladly admit to having sexual intercourse with you.
I'd like to get your opinion on my poll.
I'd love to have a discussion with you about Bush, Dick, and Colin.
I'll build you a moon base, if you let me get to third base (twice).
I'm gonna go ahead and UC the motion to have you come back to my place for some bipartisan outreach.
I'm like the Vietnam War - way longer than you thought I'd be.
I've got a five year plan and it includes you... well, it doesn't have to be five years - one night works for me!
I've got a stimulus package waiting for you in my pants.
I'm so glad prohibition was repealed, because i'm drunk on you.
If you were a president, you'd be Babe-raham Lincoln.
Just ask Thomas Paine; he knows dating me is common sense.
Just because the national debt is going up doesn't mean I can't go down on you...
Let's make like Carnegie and horizontally integrate.
Let's role play - I'll be Osama… you be a cave… and I'll hide up inside you.
My chad won't be hanging if you let me punch that hole.
My names huey long and I can share some wealth
No wonder they were called the intolerable acts. I couldn't handle it if there was a tax on your sugar.
Oh we can filibuster All Night Long.
On a scale of one to America how free are you tonight?
Right now, my teeth aren't the only part of me that's wooden.
Sorry i'm not into bondage.
The battle of the bulge? Unnecessary. There's no competition with mine.
The Gettysburg Address was short, but I know something that isn't.
The national debt isn't the only thing that's rising.
There is just no veto-ing you. Lets caucus together sometimes?
There's an economic stimulus package waiting for you at my house.
They don't call me a rough rider for nothing.
This must be the 1900s, because my train has some goods that need to be delivered down south.
Wanna get incumbent?
You can pull my lever.
You know what's unconstitutional? The fact that you still have every article of your clothing on.
You may not be my First Lady, but I'll make you feel like Jackie OH!
You must be a Quaker, because I could William Penn-etrate you for hours.
You must be John Locke, because you are the key to my conscious.
You must have been born in pearl harbor cause baby you da bomb
You wanna play Pearl Harbor? It's a game where I lay back and you blow the hell out of me.
You'd make a great vice. Get under me.
You're causing a rise in my polls.Baby, you and I are like Justin Bieber and glass doors, I can not move without falling in the first place for you!
Baby, you are like the song Somebody To Love … Because I just can not get you out of my head.
Baby, you won't ever want for nothing. You are my ends and my means now. With you there's no in between. I'm all in. Because my cards are on the table and I'm willing and I'm able. But I fold to your wish cause it's my command.
Christmas wasn't merry, 14th of February not one of them spent with you.
Don't be so cold, we could be fire.
Don't need these other pretty faces like I need you, and when you're mine, in the world there's gonna be one less lonely girl.
Don't shed a tear. Whenever you need me, I'll be here (I'll never let you go).
Eenie meenie miney mo. Catch a bad chick by her toe. If she holla let her go.
Everything about you girl is so contagious.
For you I'd be running a thousand miles, just to get to where you are.
Girl, come a bit closer. Look in my eyes. Searching is so wrong. I'm Mr. Right.
Girl, if you follow Justin Bieber on Twitter, DM my phone number and sing just need someone who loooove when you called !
Hello, am I wrong or is the song of Justin Bieber 'Baby' you?
Hello, I'm Justin Bieber, come home with me, we can do what we want, until we wake up @ Studiomama
Hey baby I'm Bustin Drew Jieber, and I'm just like a Peppermint Altoids, small, white and curiously strong .
Hey baby let's get together as Justin Bieber and # 1 record!
Hey beautiful, would do with me if I told you that I stole Justin Bieber chapstick in there
Hey, what's your name beautiful ? Kim and yours? Justin Bieber, now forgotten, because you'll be screaming later
I can be a gentleman (gentleman), anything you want/ If I was your boyfriend (boyfriend), I'd never let you go, never let you go.
I could be your Buzz Lightyear, fly across the globe.
I don't know your name, but I love your smile.
I don't need nothing else. I promise girl, I swear. I just need somebody to love.
I don't want nobody when I got your body
I got my favorite girl. Not feeling, no pain, no fear, don't have a care in the world. Why would I when you are here?
I will never say never! (I will fight)/ I will fight till forever! (make it right)/ Whenever you knock me down/ I will not stay on the ground
I wish we had another time. I wish we had another place. But everything we have is stuck in the moment. And there's nothing my heart can do to fight with time and space. Because I'm still stuck in the moment with you.
I’m a really claustrophobic person to begin with. I hate elevators, especially crammed elevators. Except if it is you and me.
I'd wait on you forever and a day, hand and foot, your world is my world.
If I could just die in your arms, I wouldn't mind.
If I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go, I can take you places you ain't never been before.
If you need me, I'll come running from a thousand miles away. When you smile I smile (oh whoa).
I'm just trying to be cool, cool, cool. What you expect me to do? I'm just trying to find, find, find- the sweet love of mine.
I'm not Justin Bieber, why do you say girl, I love you more than once .
I'm reaching out for you. Get me out here in the water and I… I'm overboard. And I need your love to pull me up. I can't swim on my own. It's too much. Feels like I'm drowning without your love. So throw yourself out to me, my lifesaver.
I'm related to Justin Bieber ? (Why?) Whenever you close to me my heart beats and want to scream !
I'm running out of time. Where is my runaway love? Searching low and high… Know that I'm not giving up. I'd give it all up for her. But it'll never be enough. I won't stop until I find my runaway love….
In my head, we're already together.
It's crazy to me, I even see you in my dreams.
It's like an angel came by and took me to heaven, because when I stare in your eyes it couldn't be better.
Let the music blast. We gonna do our dance. Bring the doubters on. They don't matter at all because this life's too long, and this love's too strong. So, baby, know for sure that I'll never let you go.
Let's play doctor, come with Bieber fever and I will give you a full examination of the body!
Let's play Justin Bieber Mall Tour, is a fierce group teens, and I'm a bit ‘ of white meat !
Lets play Tiger Beat Magazine, I will be a poster of @ justinbieber, and you can beat me against the wall and make out with me
Never say never!
Oh, for you I would have done whatever. And I just can't believe we ain't together. And I wanna play it cool, but I'm losing you. I'll buy you anything, I'll buy you any ring. And I'm in pieces, baby fix me. And just shake me 'til you wake me from this bad dream. I'm going down, down, down, down. And I just can't believe my first love won't be around.
Oh, I can't help it, I'm just selfish/ There's no way that I could share you/ That would break my heart to pieces/ Honestly the truth is…/ If I could just die in your arms/ I wouldn't mind.
Oh, it's supposed to be some give and take, I know. But you're only taking and not giving anymore. So what do I do? Because I still love you… And you're the only one who can save me.
Only if you give, give your first dance to me/ Girl, I promise I'll be gentle/ I know we gotta do it slowly/ If you give (give it), give the first dance to me (give it)/ I'm going cherish every moment/ because it only happens once, once in a lifetime
So crazy is this thing we call love. And now that we've got it, we just can't give up.
So don't fear. Don't you worry about a thing. I am here, by you (I'll never let you go).
Step to the beat of my heart/ I don't need a whole lot/ But for you I admit I/ I'd rather give you the world/ Or we can share mine/ I know I won't be the first one/ giving you all this attention/ Baby listen/ I just need somebody to love.
Take my hand. Let's just dance. Watch my feet. Follow me. Don't be scared, girl, I'm here. If you didn't know, this is love.
Tell me what you like yeah tell me what you don't/ I could be your Buzz Lightyear, fly across the globe.
There's a dream that I've been chasing. Want so badly for it to be reality. And when you hold my hand, and I understand that it's meant to be. Because, baby, when you're with me it's like an angel came by and took me to heaven. Because when I stare in your eyes it couldn't be better
They say that hate has been sent so let loose the talk of love. Before they outlaw the kiss, baby, give me one last hug.
Wanna Get Biebered?
We gonna party like it's 3012 tonight/ I wanna show you all the finer things in life/ So just forget about the world, be young tonight/ I'm coming for ya, I'm coming for ya.
We play celebrity dogs, Papillon Justin Bieber, you can be Kardashian Boxer and I will bury my bone in your backyard !
Why can't I find you love of mine when you're standing in front of my face? Oh I, I must be blind. How did I let you get away?
You are my love, you are my heart/ And we will never ever ever be apart/ Are we an item? Girl, quit playing/ We're just friends, what are you saying?
You know you love me, I know you care. Just shout whenever, and I'll be there. You are my love, you are my heart. And we will never, ever, ever be apart.
You shine just like the sun while the moon and the stars reflect your light.
Your lips, my biggest weakness. Shouldn't have let you know…
You're beautiful, you know it, I think it's time you show it.
You're imperfectly perfect.
A.J. McLean: baby, my cigarette won't light up, can you use your looks to give it fire?
Aaron Carter: hey, If my brother nick lets me maybe we can go out. My tits are bigger than your so I can breast feed if we have children
All of my tips are frosted. All.
Attach all the strings you want, baby (N'Sync)
Do you like Backstreet Boys. Good, because my penis is larger than life.
Don't fight it, girl. It's gonna be May
Drew Lachey: baby, I'm only 98 degrees. I need you to give me .6 degrees of love to get me to the right temperature (98 Degree)
Girl, your pants are about to go bye bye bye (N'Sync)
Hey girl, it's now or never (One Direction – Live While We Are Young)
How deep is your...love
Howie Dorough: ever hear the story about how the ugly toad became a prince once he was kissed?
I count the blessings that keep our love new. There's one for me And a million for you.
I don't care who you are, Where you're from, What you did, As long as you love me (Backstreet Boys)
i got an idea would you be my girlfriend i'll treat you good (N'Sync)
I got my Library card out and I'm checkin you out (One Direction)
I have an 'owie' on my lip. Will you
I know we only met but let's pretend it's love (One Direction – Live While We Are Young)
I literally can't live without you.
I only know one phrase in Spanish: Una noche. And I mean it. (98 Degree)
I still love you in the year 3000 (Jonas Brothers)
I want you to rock me, mmm, rock me (One Direction – Rock Me)
I'll burn your rug
I'm afraid you'll run away if I tell you what I wanted to tell you (One Direction – Last First Kiss)
I've got the right stuff... in my pants
If I'm not the one you want then maybe I'll be the one you need (N'Sync)
If you want to hold onto anything, hold on to me!
Im burnin up for you
In my world, before you
I lived outside my emotions
Didn't know where I was going 'Til that day I found you. (98 Degree)
Is 98 degrees hot enough for ya?
It's tearing up my heart..not banging you (N'Sync)
Joey Fatone: hey baby want to suck the fat-one?
Justin Timberlake: hey yo, are you from my home state of Tennessee cuz you the only 'Ten' I 'See'
Lance Bass: your looks are so beautiful my face is white with envy
Lemme round out your arrangement
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle'
My clothes are off.. and I want it that way.
My universe will never be the same. I’m glad you came.
Nick Carter: the only thing that looks better than you is food
No one ever looked so good in a dress' (One Direction – Nobody Compares)
Rich Cronin: Hi, my name is rich. I like girls that wear Abercrombie and Fitch.[well that one was obvious heheeh]
Ricky Martin: hey man I like your pecks, I mean hey lady I want to eat some bon bons.
Slow down sugar, because I'm diabetic.
So, Howie gonna do this?
Tell me how to turn your love on (One Direction – Kiss You)
Tonight, let's get some! (One Direction – Live While We Are Young)
Wanna do a little east coast swing? (Boyz II Men)
We wear matching overalls
When I look into your eyes, I know that it's true. God must have spent...A little more time On you.
when you finally get to love somebody guess what? its gonna be me (N'Sync)
Would he please you? Would he kiss you? Would he treat you like I would? (One Direction – I Would)
You'll never treat yourself right, darling, but I want you to (One Direction – Little Things)
You're giving me a heart attack, looking like you do (One Direction - Heart Attack)
Your SOS got my attention! (One Direction)
Zac Hanson: just think you may be the lucky girl my parents finally allow me to go on a date to Chuck E. Cheese's withA shark just ate my girlfriend, will you be my new one?
Aeooiieaeeooooou!!
Ahh snap girl, you fine! (Because we're snapping turtles.) (Turtle)
Anyone ever tell you, you've got one shell of a body? (Turtle)
Are you a sea butterfly? Because I’m caught in your trap.
Are you a shark? Because I got some swimmers for you to swallow.
Are you a whale? Because I like your blow hole.
Are you an archer fish? Because you just spit on me a little while you were talking and I’ve fallen prey to you.
Are you an octopus? Because you octopi my thoughts.
Are you coral reef? Because I'm in love with your beauty.
Are you farm raised or do you have to be wild caught?
Are you Jelly? (Jellyfish)
Are you just pleased to meet me, or is that an Architeuthis in your trousers? (Octopus)
Are you Swedish? Because you’re the sweetish fish in the sea!
Call me Ishmael......... (Octopus)
Can i put a little more sauce into your life?
Can I put my tank into your mall?
Come back with me and I will show you how dolphin talks.
Dang girl are you Dory from finding Nemo? Because I know you remember me.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Probably not, because of your protective shell. (Turtle)
Didn't I see you on the cover of Marine Biology Monthly? (Octopus)
Do ya mind if I stick this under your mantle? (Octopus)
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I swim by again?
Do you like pet shellfish? Because I have a very sweet clam you should pet.
Do you like seafood? Because I've got crabs.
Do you masturbate to Shark Week too?!
Do you work here, because you smell of tuna?
Do your dolphins do any tricks?
Does your pussy smell like fish? Because I like sushi.
Excuse me, but do you like whales? (yeah, why) Because I was thinking that we could 'humpback' at my place.
Gimme some fin. Noggin'. Dude!
Girl, you look ancient—considering we're one of the oldest species on earth, that's a compliment. (Turtle)
Hey babe, let's do it dolphin style.
Hey babe, mind if I crab your ass?
Hey baby, are you a calorimeter? Because you're hot and I'd like to stick my probe into you.
Hey baby, are you a marine biologist? Because I'd like to hist the club and seal the deal with you.
Hey baby, let's play meiosis. Why don't you go first and split your legs.
hey baby, show me your feeders and I'll show you mine
Hey baby, wanna free my Willy?
Hey baby, you look like a carbon copy of a 21 year old chick I know. I'd like to go down on you.
Hey girl, where you fin all my life?
Hey, ever ridden a dolphin?
How about I take you out to a nice seafood dinner and never call you again
How much does a polar bear weight? Enough to break the ice.
How you chewing? (Shark)
I bet you love blowholes.
I bet your tank isn’t as hot as you are.
I can be your hero in a half shell. (Turtle)
I can talk in a high pitched dolphin voice... EE ee eeee E.. E.. Eee E E Ee
I can't afford a ticket to sea world so can I just see your dolphin show?
I enjoy cocktails and midnight strolls along the beach... want to dig a giant breeding hole together? (Turtle)
I know you're naturally cold-blooded, but how about you give me a chance to warm you up. (Turtle)
I love seafood, and your breath smells like crab cakes.
I love your dress. It's soFISHticated.
I love your rainbow trout, o my kiss!
I might be left shark, but I'm the right shark for you.
I really respect a mollusk who doesn't have to hide in a shell, and can just be herself. (Octopus)
I saw you and I was hooked.
I speak whale.
I think my firefish wants to hide in your live rock
I used to hate algae, but it's starting to grow on me.
I wanna eat you if that's okay? (Shark)
I want to be the clown fish to your sea anemone.
I whale shower you with love.
I whaley love you
I wish I were an octopus, so I would have eight hands to touch your butt with.
I wish we can be the type of jellyfish that lives forever, so I can love you forever.
I would swim 100 miles up the Amazon River with 50 kilogram weights tied to my scrotum, with nothing more than Ellen DeGeneres's queefs as my air supply, if it meant that I could have one seafood dinner with you over Skype, using a dial-up internet connection … So what do you say, can I have your number?
I'd stick my neck out for you. (Turtle)
I'll give you a ride that you won't have to wait in line for.
I'm a shark.
I'm hot, but you are otter.
I'm large and in charge. Giant, actually. Can you handle it? (Turtle)
I’d really like to introduce my eel to your clam.
If I told you, you had great chromatophores, would you hold them against me? (Octopus)
If I were a dolphin, I'd rape you first.
If you sit up front, I'll make you wet.
If you were a fish, you’d be a Clownfish.
If you were a fish, you’d be an Angelfish.
If you were a manatee I’d want to be your food, and spend a long time inside you.
If your butt was a seafood restaurant I'd pick the pupu platter.
Is that a goldfish in your pants or are you just happy to see me
Just like the whales, I can hold my breath for as long as it takes as well.
Let's get out of these wetsuits, and into a dry, awkward moment we'll never talk about again.
Let's goby somewhere alone
Let's take things slow. Because that's the only speed I've got. (Turtle)
Loving you is a no-brainer. (Jellyfish)
My shell or yours?
Of course there's lots of fish in the sea, but you're looking at a sexy land beast.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you've got it all... because you're scaly. (Turtle)
Once you've had me, baby, you'll never go back; mostly because you'll starve to death while protecting your eggs. (Octopus)
Polar Bear... I just wanted to break the ice.
Pssh... I'm not the only one who smells like fish.
So you chicks wanna see my six inch catfish or what?
Some scientists classify me as 'vulgaris', but I'm really sweet once you get to know me. (Octopus)
Something smells fishy about this place... Let's get outta here.
Stroke my dolphin.
That has got to be the sealiest thing I've ever heard.
The 'Angry Walrus' is my favourite sexual trick.
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back home.
They call me, 'Portuguese Man-of-War,' but I'm really just a jellyfish of love.
They don't call me a sperm-whale for nothing.
Tonight I can make you ink.
Tonight I would be a hermit no more.
Wanna create some adorable little hatchings of our own? (Turtle)
Wanna cuttle? (Cuttlefish)
Wanna have my tadpoles swim to your pond?
Wanna help me clean my pump?
Wanna hold my eel? He is a slippery fella.
Wanna make a seafood palette? You bring your mussels back to my place and I'll show you my clam.
Wanna snorkel with my dorkel?
wanna try guppy style?
We don't typically mate for life, but for you I'd reconsider it. (Turtle)
We should team up to help our species not go extinct. (Turtle)
Whale be mine?
Whale Whale Whale. What do we have here?
What a beautiful specimen, so exotic…
What do you say we go behind this rock and seal the deal?
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice? her: what? you: it breaks the ice. hi, i'm (your name).
What if I say, I'm not like the otters.
What kind of fish is funny? A clownfish.
What's a gal like you in an ocean like this?
Why don't we molt into something a little more comfortable? (Turtle)
Will you be mine? Mine? Mine? Mine? Mine?
Would you like to go home and see my catfish?
You are so hot, you are turning all the shell fishes red.
You can call me Nemo, because I'm never afraid to touch the butt.
You don't look a day over a hundred and thirty. (Turtle)
You had me at lobster.
You know what else is slippery when wet? (Sea Lion)
You know what happen to be from the future and I sea you lion in my bed.
You look shy. Let me help you come out of your shell—but not too far. (Turtle)
You make me feel like a sea cucumber, because when I first saw you my stomach dropped out of my ass.
You must be Nemo, because I have been looking for you.
You must be on the seafood diet. When you see food, you eat it!
You otter come over here cutie!
You're like a prize winning fish... I dont know whether to eat you or mount you.
You’re so cute I could turn myself inside out and digest you.
Your beak says no, but your hearts say yes, no, and maybe. (Octopus)
Your coral lips were made to kiss.
Your Thermador cracks my shell.